Toyota Tsusho’s approach to CSR	Priority initiatives for issues


We are identifying priority initiatives for the resolution of social issues through businesses and the execution of corporate responsibility



Main products and services

 

Metals Division



Global Parts & Logistics Division



Automotive Division



Machinery, Energy & Project Division


Chemicals & Electronics Division


Food &
Agribusiness Division


Consumer Products & Services Division
 
•	Steel products and specialty products, steel construction materials, wire rod, steel tubes
•	Ferro-alloy products, pig iron •Nonferrous metal ingots, precious metals
•	End-of-life vehicle (ELV) recycling, waste catalysts
•	Aluminum products, copper, copper alloy products
•	Rare earth resources, rare metals •Iron & steel scrap, nonferrous metals scrap




•	Component parts for automotive production •Techno-park business
•	Logistics business •Automotive accessories and materials
•	Tire and wheel assembly business •Packaging materials




•	Passenger cars •Trucks and buses •Motorcycles •Used vehicles
•	Assembly •Body mounting / conversion
•	Imports and exports, third-country trade, wholesale, retail
•	Sales financing •Spare parts and after-sales service



•	Machine tools, industrial machinery, textile machinery
•	Coal, crude oil, petrochemical, natural gas products
•	Testing and measuring instruments, electronic machinery
•	Infrastructure projects •Environmental equipment
•	Energy and electric power supply business •Industrial vehicles, construction machinery
•	Water treatment •Petroleum products, liquefied petroleum gas


•	Electronic devices •Organic chemicals •Component parts for automobile production
•	Fine and inorganic chemicals •Automotive embedded software development
•	Plastics and rubber •Network integration and support •Chemical additives •Software
•	Batteries and electronic materials •Mobile phones
•	Pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients




•	Feed and oilseeds •Grains •Food ingredients
•	Agriculture, marine, and livestock products •Processed foods




•	Life and health insurance, property and casualty insurance
•	Textile raw materials, apparel, sundry goods •Nursing-related products and services
•	Medical facilities and related services, medical equipment
•	Lodging and living facilities, commercial facilities, housing
•	Housing and office materials
 



Common areas





9
 
1	Life &	Earth &	2
 
Social Issue Resolution
 
Community Resources
H
D
 
Corporate
 
Safety efforts

Approach to the
 
A
Model and
Local Contribution	F	G
Model Businesses	C
 
B
Local Contribution
E	Model
Business
 
Responsibility
Execution Model (CSR foundation)
 
environment
Human resource initiatives

Governance
 
Mobility


 

E Rare earth development, lithium development, molten alumi- num business contributions to the reduction of CO2 emis- sions, recycling of waste catalysts, plastics, steel scrap, etc.,
 
P25 P29
P28
 
Safety management for investment projects: Safety management for mine development
Environmental management for investment projects: Environmental assessments for mine development
Reduction of CO2 emissions in the molten aluminum business
 
P11
 
automobile recycling
 
P28 P43
 
Prevention of environmental pollution: Group’s Environmental Policy Elimination of conflict minerals in the supply chain
 


 
E	Carbon fiber recycling
F	Airport operation (Laos), driver training (Thailand), cold ware- housing business (China), Techno-park business
 


P38
 


Cultivating managers at overseas sites
 


 
C Sales and assembly of automobiles in new emerging coun- tries (South Asia, Africa, South Pacific, etc.), supply of infra- structure development vehicles (Myanmar), supply of disas- ter countermeasure vehicles (Peru), direct operation of total car services outlets (Cambodia), establishment of Toyota Kenya Academy (Kenya)
 



P27 P27
 


Automobile safety: Inspection and after-sales services Sufficient prior explanation for sales finance services
 

 
A	P34 Sales of energy-efficient, extra large-scale ceiling fans
B	New energy development and stable energy supplies, prevention of environmental pollution through water processing O&M business, sewage sludge recycling, logistics infrastructure, development (crane
 

P25 P25
 

Safety assessments of investment projects
Safety training for employees involved in overseas con- struction projects
 
installation at Kenyan port), P15 development of renewable energies,
 
P29
 
Environmental assessment for investment projects
 
P34 woody biomass power generation, yen loan projects (Iraq)

 
A Supply of lifestyle-supporting chemical products (detergents: Vietnam; highly absorbent resins: China; recyclable resin compounds: Malaysia)
C   Traffic information distribution	D Iodine development (Chile); fertilizer service (Thailand)		business (Kenya)
F	Mobility electrification (China, Southeast Asia)
G	P13 Bio-PET (GLOBIO®) development, feasibility tests for EV sharing
 

P33



P28
 

Response to chemical substance regulations (REACH, etc.) and operation of chemical substance total manage- ment system
Prevention of environmental pollution: Group’s Environ- mental Policy
 
systems

 
A Refrigerated vegetables business (Vietnam), grain accumula- tion business (Australia)
D Bell pepper cooperative agricommerce and industry project (Japan), mushroom business (China), bluefish tuna culture project (Japan)


A Paper diaper collection and disposal support, insurance brokerage (Vietnam), in-plant medical clinic (Thailand), medi- cal business (India), consulting-style health management service, hotel residence business (Indonesia)
 

P26


P27







P29 P43
 

Food safety and quality management: Maintaining food safety
Proper labeling and food traceability: Maintaining food safety




Environmental management
Elimination of forced labor and child labor in apparel business
 
D    P47 Tohoku cotton project

 
A	Manufacturing verification tests for bio-hydrogen production from sewage sludge
 

P25
 

Promotion of labor health and safety
 
B	P34
 
Investment in bio-fuel plant material research and sale
 
P31
 
Prevention of global warming
 
company
G	Commercial hydrogen station business for fuel cell cars
 
P37
 
Cultivation of managers at overseas subsidiaries
 
H	P17
 
Social contribution-type venture fund (Africa)
 
P43
 
Supply chain CSR management
 



10
 
Featu特re集11 ○T○hr○ee○s○oc○ia○l v○a○lu○e creation activities

 
T R Y 
1
 
Mobility
Recycling automobiles in China with technology recognized by Prime Minister’s Award
 

 
As the volume of end-of-life vehicles (ELV) surges in emerging countries, the Toyota Tsusho Group has taken the initiative in China by becoming the first Japanese company to launch an auto dismantling and
recycling business. The aim of the business is to apply advanced technologies accumulated over the past 40 years in Japan to help solve environmental issues in China.
We’ve embarked on an important new challenge for the future of China.
 
Comprehensive 3R*1 activities anticipating future needs
In 1970, Toyota Tsusho and Toyota Motor Corporation established the joint-ven- ture shredder company Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to extract and recycle steel, nonferrous metals, and other resources from ELVs. The new company addressed
 









Dismantled vehicles















 
ELV recycling value chain
 

Vehicle crushed to extract aluminum and iron scrap
 

Smelting of aluminum scrap
 

 



ELV
 


Toyota Metal

Decomposition treatment of HV motor and battery materials, spent catalysts, etc.
 
Toyotsu Smelting Technology

Manufacturing of steel and interior materials


Various manufacturers
 



Automobiles
 

 


Toyotsu Recycle

Used auto parts sales
 
Manufacturing of catalists and catalytic converters


Autocatalytic converter manufacturers

Recycling of rare metals
 




Battery
manufacturers
 


Toyota Motor
 


 
Toyota Tsusho Group
 
JARA
 
Toyota Chemical Engineering
 


11
 
Receiving the Prime Minister’s Prize with Toyota Motor











a pressing social need in Japan to deal with pollution caused by scrapped vehi- cles. In 1994, Toyotsu Recycle Corpora- tion was established to recycle precious metals from ELV exhaust catalysts. In 1998, we deepened our commitment by launching the world’ s first ASR*2 recy- cling plant.
In 2001, an auto recycling laboratory was established, which dedicated to devel- oping easily dismantled vehicles, efficient dismantling technologies, and rare metal recycling technologies. Since our ELV recycling business started, the Toyota Tsusho Group has recycled some 6.5 mil- lion ELVs, and today we boast an effec- tive recycling rate of 99%.
In recognition of our comprehensive 3R activities throughout the automobile lifecycle, Toyota Tsusho Corporation and Toyota Motor Corporation were awarded Japan’s Prime Minister’s Prize in fiscal 2013 at the 3Rs promotion merit awards sponsored by the 3R Promotion Association Council.
 

Building an advanced recycling system through feasibility studies in Beijing
In Japan, Toyota Tsusho has created the No.1 ELV recycling value chain. For many years, we have striven to expand our leading-edge auto recycling business overseas. We have already established 23 scrap metal recycling sites in 11 countries to recycle metals generated in the auto manufacturing process. In 2012, undertaking a project for the New Energy and Industrial Tech- nology Development Organization (NEDO), we launched a feasibility study to build an advanced auto recycling system in China capable of large-scale, centralized recycling.
Amid its breakneck economic expansion, China now boasts the world’ s second largest number of owned vehicles. The stiffening of the country’ s environmental regulations is expected to encourage the disposal of older models and lead to an explosion of ELVs in coming years. Limiting the environmental impact of massive amounts of ELVs through safe and efficient recycling is a major social issue for China.
In the two-year feasibility tests in Beijing, we succeeded in building a comprehensive disman- tling and recycling system which limits environ- mental impact. The system covers the entire recy- cling process, from preprocessing to the destruc- tion of fluorocarbons and other harmful materials, the shredding of vehicle bodies and crushing of tires. With an annual recycling capacity of more than 10,000 autos, the Beijing plant features an advanced recycling rarely seen even in Japan.
 

Expanding the ELV recycling model across China
After the success of the feasibility study, Toyota Tsusho made a capital investment in the study’ s partner company (Beijing Borui liantong Auto Recycling Tech Co., Ltd.) in February 2014 to become the first Japanese company to enter the auto recycling business in China. The joint venture is now striving to develop a model ELV recycling plant for China based on environmental consciousness, safety, and high productivity.
In the future, we plan on deploying model plants throughout China. The goal is to establish 20 recycling sites in China over the next five years as the nation’ s legal framework advances with the enact- ment of a vehicle recycling law and other measures. We will strive to contribute to the creation of a recycling-oriented society in China by building the nation’ s No.1 ELV recycling value chain.
*1 Reduce, reuse and recycle
*2 Shredder dust generated during the recycling of ELVs.










Automobiles pressed into a cube after dismantling
 

 
Message from the project manager
General Manager of Recycling & Environmental Management Department

Leveraging our accumulated ELV know-how in emerging countries
Currently, China’ s auto recycling plants rely heavily on manual labor for dismantling. The safe and efficient recycling of autos is a major issue,
along with sufficient measures to reduce the environmental impact caused by the recycling processes. In the near future, we expect China
to enact laws requiring environmentally con- scious, safe recycling systems, as there are in Japan and Europe. This will spur a revolution in the
recycling industry. We are now maximizing our long-accumulated technologies and business
models for the benefit of Chinese society.
Other emerging countries are also experiencing a surge in ELVs.
It’ s imperative that these countries quickly establish foundations to ensure ELVs are properly recy- cled into resources.
I believe that the Beijing recycling plant is on the cusp of this movement.
 
Stakeholder comments
Chairman, Xianglong Borui Auto Service (Group) Co., Ltd.

Aiming to be a pioneer in China
in partnership with Toyota Tsusho
With its auto service and trading value chain, the   Xianglong   Borui Auto Service (Group) has enjoyed a long, collaborative relationship with Toyota Tsusho, having partnered with the company to establish such joint
ventures as Beijing Borui Huatong Usedcar Agent Co., Ltd. and Beijing
Huatong Toyota Sales & Services Co., Ltd.
For this project, Toyota Tsusho has taken a capital stake in Beijing Boruiliantong Auto Recycling Tech and we received the support of the Chinese and Japanese governments to imple- ment a feasibility study backed by NEDO. The study confirmed the superiority of facilities and technologies at
Beijing Boruiliantong Auto Recycling Tech.
Moving forward, we will continue building experience with the support of many different partners to actively fulfill our role as a pioneer. I’ m confident that our efforts will contribute to the development of a resource-con-
serving, environmentally conscious society in Beijing.
 

12
 
Featu特re集11 ○T○hr○ee○s○oc○ia○l v○a○lu○e creation activities

 
T R Y 
1
 
Life & Community
Contributing to the conservation of fossil fuels and prevention of global warming by globally promoting sugarcane-based PET resins
 

 
Bio-ethanol is a crude oil alternative that can help conserve fossil fuels and prevent global warming. In 2011, Toyota Tsusho began importing bio-polyethylene, made from bio-ethanol, to Japan.
Then in 2013, we established the world’s first bio-polyethylene terephthalate (PET) supply chain integrating raw materials procurement, manufacturing, and sales. As a trading company striving to achieve sustainability, we have started making bio-plastic proposals to
a wide range of industries.
 
Launching a bio-polyethylene project with a Brazilian company
Bio-plastics made from plants contribute to the global environment in two major ways. First, the use of plants conserves the con- sumption of crude oil, the conventional raw material of plastics. Second, the use of plants significantly reduces CO2 emissions (refer to chart below).
It was from these perspectives that we decided to commercialize bio-plastics as a next-generation business that could contribute to the global environment. The business originated in 2006 with the start of a bio-polyethylene project with major Brazilian chemical company Braskem.
Polyethylene is the most common type of plastic. Crude oil and natural gas are typically used to manufacture the mate- rial. It is also technically feasible to make polyethylene from bio-ethanol. Brazil has promoted the manufacture of bio-ethanol from sugarcane as a state policy. The bio-ethanol produced in Brazil has been
 






 
Bio-plastics
production flow and business merits
 

Amount of greenhouse gases emitted
(Unit: t-CO2 /t-PE）
 
%
reduction

 



Sugarcane
 
Portion of molasses used
after sugar-refining process
 


Polyethylene
 

 
From crude oil	From sugarcane
 

H H	H	H	H H  
 
H C C OH	C   C
 
H C C H
 
H H  
Ethanol
 
H	H
Ethylene
 
OH OH
MEG
 

 


Sugar
 
Establishment of specialized manufacturing plant
 


Terephthalic acid
 


PET
 


13
 
Bio-polyethylene adoption by customer (Shiseido)








used almost exclusively for fuel, however, and there has been minimal application in the chemical industry.
Eyeing an opportunity, we proposed to Braskem a locally produced and locally consumed polyethylene business that would use locally produced bio-ethanol as a raw ingredient. We fully financed the construction of a local pilot plant and continued to support the project until 2011, when Braskem launched bio-poly- ethylene production at one of the world’ s largest plants. Toyota Tsusho is now the bio-polyethylene distributor for Asia and Oceania, making proposals to widen its use among a range of industries.
Building the world’s
first bio-PET supply chain
While building a bio-polyethylene busi- ness in Brazil, we also launched a project in 2010 to manufacture another common plastic, polyethylene terephthalate (PET), with fewer fossil fuels. PET is used widely in beverage bottles and other
 
Bio-PET adoption by customer (Suntory)








packaging as well as textiles. The main ingredients are terephthalic acid and monoethylene glycol (MEG). MEG can be produced from ethanol.
At the time, no manufacturer offered a unified system to mass produce PET from plant-based bio-MEG. We took the initiative in establishing a integrated supply chain, raw materials procurement, manufacturing and sales. First, we signed a 10-year, long term contract with leading Brazilian oil company Petrobras to secure ample supplies of bio-ethanol from which bio-MEG is made. We then established a joint venture with a Taiwanese chemical company to start preparations for bio- MEG manufacturing operation.
Three years later, in March 2013, the Taiwanese MEG plant began operations. The bio-MEG from this plant is supplied to Asian PET manufacturers for the pro- duction of bio-PET. In this way, we have successfully built the world’ s first bio-PET supply chain integrating raw materials procurement, intermediate processing, manufacturing, and sales.
 
Adoption expands globally for auto interior materials, beverage bottles
Currently, we are marketing our bio-PET under the brand name “GLOBIOⓇ” through our proprietary supply chain and striving to penetrate new markets. GLOBIOⓇ has already been adopted by Toyota Motor for some models of car seats and interior carpets, while major PET bottle manufac- turers in and outside Japan have also begun using the material. Gradually, GLOBIOⓇ is developing into a global brand. GLOBIOⓇ has begun to replace oil-based PET for food and detergent packaging, and we plan to make new proposals for clothing and textile applications, which represent the largest potential market.
In the future, we envision producing bio-ethanol ourselves and developing a 100% bio-PET product by using a plant- based terephthalic acid as, the other main PET ingredient. Accelerating the elimina- tion of fossil fuels from the plastics industry will contribute to solving global environ- mental issues.





GLOBIOⓇ website (http://www.globio.jp/)
 


 
Message from the project manager
General Manager,
 
Stakeholder comments
Suntory Business
 
Shigeru Okumura Basic Chemicals and Plastics Department
 
Mr. Munehiko Takada Expert Limited
 

Making new proposals as a pioneer	Leveraging GLOBIOⓇ to develop a bottle with 40% less oil-based materials
 
The need to reduce CO2 emissions is becoming an ever-larger
global issue. As a pioneer in this field, we consider the market
introduction of bio-plastics  to be part of our corporate social responsibility. Bio-plastics are comparable to con- 
ventional plastics in quality and func- tionality, making them relatively easy to
adopt by end-product manufacturers. 
Though cost issues remain, customers who understand the significance of bio-plastics are actively switching over. I’ m confident 
that a global market for bio-plastics will develop, and I look forward to con-
tinuing to make steady proposals to customers in and outside Japan in order to expand the 
business.
 

In May 2013, we rede- signed Suntory Natural Min- eral Water (550 ml) with a
lighter PET bottle to conserve resources and reduce the environmental burden from shipping. At the same time, we
decided to adopt Toyota Tsu-
sho’ s plant-based GLOBIOⓇ, which enabled us to conserve fossil fuels. The switch to GLOBIOⓇ has raised the brand value of Suntory Natural Mineral Water and reduced the amount of fossil fuel used in the manufacture of small PET bottles by
about 40%. Overall, the development of this bottle has enabled us to respond to our cus- tomers’ expectations for environmental con- sciousness. In the future, we expect even more innovative environmental materials
from Toyota Tsusho.
 


14
 
Featu特re集11 ○T○hr○ee○s○oc○ia○l v○a○lu○e creation activities

 
T R Y 
１
 
Earth & Resources
Generating wind and photovoltaic energy businesses in the United States, Europe and Asia/Oceania
 

 
Renewable energies are attracting greater attention as the world grapples with ways to prevent global warming and ensure stable
energy supplies. Eurus Energy Group manages wind and photovoltaic energy businesses globally. In fiscal 2013, Eurus Energy expanded
its business to South America and launched photovoltaic energy projects throughout Japan.
 
Japan’s largest wind power generation company and
a leading global company with a quarter-century track record
Eurus Energy is the core group for renewable energy business for the Toyota Tsusho Group. Eurus Energy began a renewable energy business in 1987. Taking advantage of energy policy changes in the United States, we started operation of a wind farm in the Mojave Desert in California. Since then, Eurus Energy has developed wind farms across the United States as well as in the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, South Korea, Australia, Norway and other countries.
In Japan, we started operation of our first wind farm in Tomamae, Hokkaido in
 









Wind turbine installation





Eurus Energy total output capacity (as of July 2014)


Europe	Japan	The United States
 
833.840MW
 

Asia/Oceania
194.468MW
 
596.560MW	619.250MW
 


Total output capacity in operation
(MW)
2,500
2,000
 
1,500
1,000
500
0
 
Fiscal 2004 : Reached 1,000MW

Business launched in the U.S.
 

Total output capacity in operation

2,244.118MW
 
1987
 
2000
 
2005
 
2010 (FY)
 
Wind power: 2,155.150MW	Solar power: 88.968MW
 


15
 
Eurus Misaki Solar Park (Misaki, Osaka Prefecture)


 





1999. Since then, we have developed wind farms across Japan, mainly in Hokkaido Prefecture and the Tohoku region where wind conditions are favorable. Globally, we currently operate wind farms in eight countries with a total output capacity of 2,155.15MW (as of July 31, 2014), making us the largest wind power generation company in Japan and one of the leading global companies.
In 2008, we leveraged our know-how and experience in the wind energy business to launch a photovoltaic energy business. In 2011, we started operation of a photovoltaic power plant in California with a total output capacity of 45MW, making it one of the largest in the United States. We entered the photovoltaic energy business in Japan in fiscal 2013 by starting operations for mega-solar projects that are among the largest outputs of any projects in Japan in Misaki, Osaka, and Shiranuka, Hokkaido.
Being a corporation that deve- lops together with each region, and is trusted by society
One of the advantages of the Eurus Energy projects is the integrated process from
 
development and construction to operation. In developing projects, we spend significant time surveying locations as well as wind and sunlight conditions, while also carrying out assessments on the potential impact on the surrounding natural environment. Based on the results, we design the facility to match the site conditions and adopt the best con- struction methods. After completion and the start of operations, we assign permanent operation maintenance staff to each project to ensure rapid problem resolution and capacity utilization improvement. We have estab- lished a reputation for excellence in and outside Japan for this unique project manage- ment know-how, which leverages our exten- sive technologies and experience in every phase of project development and operation. Eurus Energy also believes that it is important to make social contributions to the communities around our projects. We hold site tours and dispatch lecturers to local schools near our projects to facilitate a better understanding of our projects and provide environmental education. We also take part in exhibitions and other events around our projects, while providing dona-





Site tours for local elementary
school students
 
tions and sponsorships to community vital- ization and cultural programs. Though various activities in the community, we strive to achieve the vision of “being a corporation that develops together with each region and is trusted by society. ”
Large-scale projects to meet growing global demand
Demand for renewable energy is expected to continue growing globally. Eurus Energy is pursuing projects throughout the world to meet the burgeoning demand.
In 2013, we launched a wind energy business in Uruguay as our second project in the Southern Hemisphere. In the northeast- ern area of the capital Montevideo, we are constructing 14 wind turbines, each rated at 3MW (for a total output of 42MW). The turbines have been installed, and the project is nearly ready to start operations. We plan to expand our renewable energy business in the country to support the Uruguayan gov- ernment’s renewable energy policy.
In Japan, we are promoting mega-solar projects in Hokkaido, Aomori, Miyagi, Fukushima and Hyogo prefectures. With a total output of 192.5MW, this makes us one of Japan’ s leading photovoltaic energy companies.
Eurus Energy will continue to pursue and expand renewable energy projects worldwide while forging close and trusted relationships with the local communities.
 

 
Message from the project manager
General Manager of Corporate Communications and Environmental Management Department, Eurus Energy Holdings Corporation

Responding to society’s needs as a renewable energy pioneer
An inexhaustible gift of nature, wind can change dramatically due to even small differences in topography and direction, as well as with seasonal and annual climate changes. Consequently, it’ s critical to carry out obser-
vation and study of wind conditions prior to installing wind turbines. One of the advantag- es of our group as a wind power generation company is our wealth of know-how and expe- rience in selecting sites of wind farm. Another
distinctive advantage of our group is our well- balanced portfolio of projects spanning the three regions of the United States, Europe, and Asia/Oceania, including Japan.
We believe that renewable energy has great potential to prevent global warming and ensure stable energy supplies.
Our group will strive to meet stakeholder expectations as a renewable energy pioneer.
 
Stakeholder comments
Senior Executive Operating Oﬃcer Energy Sector Lead, Siemens Japan K.K.

Strengthening a 20-year partnership
Since Siemens entered the wind power generator business in 2004, we have installed more than 12,300
generators around the world and established a leading market share for offshore wind power generators in particular.
We have a 20-year relationship with Eurus Energy, and we are very proud to be supplying the company’s leading-edge technologies. As an inexhaustible power source, wind power will be increasingly relied upon throughout the world as
a leading clean energy source. It will be import- ant to forge an even closer relationship between the equipment manufacturers and power generation companies to ensure that more local communities can enjoy the advantages
of clean renewable energies.
 


16
 
Featu特re集21 ○S○up○po○rtin○g○su○s○ta○inable economic growth

Striving to solve Africa’s social issues
We are contributing to industrial development and job creation for young people by operating a social venture fund and opening our automobile distributor’s human resources development organization to the public.

 
In recent years, Africa has staged remarkable economic growth as a result of natural resources development and soaring resource prices. Łe continent is also achieving progress on various social fronts,
 
Unemployment among young and prime-working-age Africans
60
 
including lower infant mortality and higher school attendance. Africa boasts a population of over 1 billion people, and by 2050 its labor
 
（％）

50
 
3times 2times	1time
 
force is expected to become the largest in the world, exceeding those in China and India. A pressing issue facing the continent is future job
creation for young Africans aged 15-24, a fast-growing age group.	40
 
● South Africa
 
Namibia
●
 
Solving this issue will require that the industrial development of countries throughout Africa be conducted without delay.
From the 2000s, Japan and Europe have acted as strategic part-
 
Tunisia
30 Egypt ●
●
 
●	Lesotho
●	Ethiopia
 

Issues: Developing industry and creating
 
ners to African nations. In recent years, however, the support struc- ture has changed significantly from government-led aid to public-pri-
 
20
Tanzania
 
●	Ghana
 
jobs for the young
 
vate partnerships aiming In 2013, at the 5th Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD V) held in Yokoha- ma, participants adopted the Yokohama Declaration 2013 recogniz- ing the private sector’ s role as a driving force for growth and the
 
10 ●

0
 
OECD average
East Asia
10	20	30	40	50	60
Prime-working-age unemployment rate (aged 25–64)
 
importance of respecting African ownership.
 

Source: I LO Figures from between 2001 and 2010; years vary depending on country and region
 







































17
 
Industrial development	Youth job creation
 
Establishment of
a social venture fund
In February 2014, Toyota Tsusho Corporation established the social contribution-type venture fund Toyota Tsusho CSV Africa Pte. Ltd. in Mauritius.
Over the years, we have actively made social contributions to Africa through the free provision of social infrastructure, industrial and human resources development services, and pharmaceuticals, as well as through volunteer work by our group company employees. The new fund aims to foster businesses that can directly contribute to solving social issues in Africa, such as job creation for local communities and improvement of worker incomes, the enhancement of the living and welfare environments, and the acquisition of foreign currency. The fund is creating a bridge between Africa and Japan by collecting a wide range of new business ideas from outside the company and offering venture support in the agricultural, environmental, medical and other fields.
The fund holds a monthly investment meeting to discuss and select candidates for investment based on field research in Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, Ethiopia and other countries. The fund made its first selections in the summer of 2014 and plans to invest in a total of 10-15 ventures over the next three years. In addition to capital, support for the ventures by using our company's global network is also being considered in the form of helping them strengthen their structures and develop human resources, as well as in logistics and sales. We will monitor the new busi- nesses regularly and provide Japanese know-how and technology to con- tribute to the self-sustained development of Africa through the ventures.

Nuts are sorted at a production plant
 
Fostering human resources for Africa’s tomorrow
One of the goals of Kenya’ s long-term strategic plan, VISION 2030, is human resources development. The nation is aiming to develop a global workforce by enhancing the international competitiveness of its workers.
To foster technicians and engineers, the Kenyan government oper- ates technical colleges to provide work training. There remains a gap, however, between the schools’ curriculums and the technological prog- ress in the industrial workplace.
To help solve this issue, Toyota Tsusho subsidiary Toyota Kenya Co., Ltd. has refurbished its internal human resources training center and reopened it as the Toyota Kenya Academy. An opening ceremony for the academy was held on July 16, 2014 and with attendance of Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta, Toyota Tsusho Chairman of the Board Junzo Shimizu, and other dignitaries.
By strengthening our educational system to meet a diverse range of needs, we will continually support the human resources development of workers striving for the future of Kenya and all of Africa.

Features of Toyota Kenya Academy	
Serves as the engineer training center for the eastern and southern automobile distributors of Toyota Motor Corporation (continued function)
Collaborates with Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Kenyan universities and government organizations to provide business management courses for the public
Plans to offer courses in non-automotive fields, such as technical training for construction and agricultural machinery engineers, which have not been available in the past
Classes are also planned for the general public.

Plans to offer entrepreneur support courses in collaboration with Kenyan universities and government organizations
 

 


Local farm businesses and others make good venture candidates
 
Opening ceremony for Toyota Kenya Academy



















The Toyota Kenya Academy
 








18
 
Feature 3
 

Activities of group company CFAO
 

 

Crating for delivery
 


Republic of the Congo
 

 
Pointe-
Noire









in
 


Brazzaville






Con
 
CFAO’s beverages business targets the burgeoning middle class of Africa, tomorrow’s growth market
CFAO is a major French trading company in which Toyota Tsusho has invested. Since its establishment, CFAO’s business has been deeply rooted in African society. In the Republic of Congo in central Africa, CFAO has taken the lead among European companies by establishing a beverage manufacturing, bottling, and wholesaling business for global beverage brands. The beverages are quickly becoming a part of the lifestyle of the country’s burgeoning middle class.

 
From Resource-dependent economies to diversified industry
In recent years, Africa has enjoyed economic growth surpassing the average global growth rate. One of the benefits of this growth has been the rise of income levels and the expansion of the mid- dle-class. By 2050, Africa’ s population is expected to reach 2 billion people, doubling from 1 billion in 2010, and this potential has attracted interest in Africa as a major consumer market.
In conjunction with this economic evolution, personal spend- ing is emerging as a driver of economic growth. Currently, howev- er, the continent’ s economy remains dependent on traditional investment in resources and infrastructure development. Ending this reliance on traditional growth models has become an urgent issue in order to realize a new model of “inclusive growth” which can ensure a higher quality of life for a broad spectrum of Africans.
Expanding Congo’s beverage business over two decades
The Republic of the Congo is facing an urgent need to diversify its economy. Currently, 60% of the country’ s GDP and about 80% of the state budget depend on oil revenues. CFAO has succeeded in building a beverages production, bottling, and wholesaling business since the 1990s.
In 1994, CFAO teamed with European beer titan Heineken International to establish joint venture Brasseries du Congo (BRASCO). BRASCO operates two breweries: one in Brazzaville, the capital in the southeast of the country, and one in Pointe-Noire, a port city of in the southwest that provides access to the inland
19
 
regions. The company imports, produces, bottles and distributes over a dozen types of beverages, including international beverage brands Heineken and Coca-Cola and local beer brands. In 2013, BRASCO posted sales of 290 million liters, equal to a beverages market share of over 90%.
BRASCO distributes its beverages through a network of 16,000 sales locations located throughout the country, including stores, restaurants, and bars.
Thanks to BRASCO’ s initiatives over the past two decades, beer and soft drinks have become an integral part of the country’ s local culture. The company makes regular investments to expand and modernize the production capacity of its two plants in order to meet the robust demand. These investments have made it possible to double production capacity over the last 10 years. The company is also actively contributing to the creation of new jobs. The two sites employ a combined workforce of more than 800 employees and 86% of the managers are Congolese and among them, 47% have an experience of more than 10 years within the company.
Promoting CSR in three main areas to further enhance corporate value
As Congo’ s beverages market continues to expand, BRASCO has launched three new initiatives to enhance its corporate value amid intensified competition.
The first initiative is environmental protection. Some of the components used in beer manufacturing are created naturally: for example, the CO2. Used for filtration and bottling, it appears during fermentation, is recovered and liquefied for storage before being injected again in gaseous state in the manufacturing process.
 

Free water distribution facilities contribute to community development
 
Message from
the project manager

Christian Villa
Managing Director, Brasseries du Congo
 









go







The specialized staff makes a check the quality of
their product

 

As a company which uses large amounts of water in its pro- duction processes, BRASCO has deployed equipment to purify all of its wastewater discharge and reduce its burden on the environ- ment. It was the first brewery in central Africa to build a wastewa- ter treatment plant in 2005 in Brazzaville. The second one was built in Pointe-Noire in 2009. Each of them has a capacity of 2880m3 and 1440m3 of water. The company also takes care of monitoring its water consumption in order to share this resource properly with other users. The Republic of Congo is not located in a stressed water area, but the distribution network in the country is old which makes access to water very difficult for the population. Every year, BRASCO donates almost 3000m3 of free water in order to address this issue. BRASCO Foundation built in 2013 a public fountain in Pointe-Noire.
The second initiative is coexistence with communities. In No- vember 2013, BRASCO organized two open days for the commu- nity so that members could better understand its activities. Com- munity members toured facilities usually closed to the public, while enjoying explanations of the business and tasting events. BRASCO top management is deeply committed and involved in the constant improvement of product quality and its services by implementing a Quality, Healthy & Safe Environment System based on recognized national and international standards: ISO 9001 etc. Our laborato- ries are responsible for the strict control of food safety, thanks to the application of the HACCP system. We undergo various audits from Heineken and Coca-Cola to ensure the quality of our prod- ucts and that we meet our commitments for a healthy and safe working environment. Every month, samples of our products and raw materials are sent to Heineken Netherlands for further study. The company also launched in 2013 a public campaign called
 

“no drink & drive” to raise awareness on this issue among taxi and bus drivers. The campaign will be repeated every year.
The third initiative is responsiveness to diverse consumer needs. BRASCO is developing a range of new products to broaden its appeal among a wide group of beverage drinkers. The company has launched several new beer brands targeting women, including a flavored beer and low-alcohol beer. It has also set up PET bottling lines to make it easier for customers located far from major urban area and those with higher purchasing power.
Supporting Africa’s growth through new business ventures
CFAO has positioned Equipment (mainly cars and industrial machinery), Healthcare (pharmaceuticals), and Consumer Goods (mainly consumer and retail products) as its three strategic business areas in Africa. CFAO is accelerating the expansion of new busi- ness in the Consumer Goods area as a way of responding to the strong demand for consumer products and contributing to raising the quality of life for people throughout the continent.
In 2013, CFAO signed an MOU with major French retailer Carrefour. The companies will establish a joint venture to pursue modern retailing in eight countries in central and western Africa and make contributions to raising the quality of life for the regions’ consumers. The companies are also discussing new projects, such as the expansion of the Congo beverages business to other countries as well as the manufacture and wholesale of daily goods.
CFAO will continue to create value-added business to con- tribute to Africa’ s economic development while striving to promote community-oriented initiatives with its partners.
20
 
 


Quantitative and qualitative results related to Toyota Tsusho’s social responsibility

Toyota Tsusho promotes a wide range of businesses and strives to execute its corporate responsibility in accordance with its business activities.
Our Safety and Global Environment Management Department, Human Resources Department, ERM Department and other departments monitor the results of our initiatives in order to improve activities in coming years.

 
Quantitative results
 



Number of work-related accidents
 


Number of employees receiving training upon appointment as a safety manager
 

 	 
 
0	20
 
40	60	80 (Reports)
 
0	50	100	150
 
(Persons)
 


 

2012


2013
(FY)
 
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 

 

Office CO2 emissions
 
CO2 emissions
by domestic group companies
 

 	 
	0	1,000	2,000	3,000	(t-CO2)	
 
	0	20,000	40,000	60,000	(t-CO2)
									
2009				2,684		2009			36,117	

2010			2,482	2010		39,543
						
2011			2,335	2011		45,649


	2012		2,680	2012		50,642
P28	2013		2,679	2013		50,556
	(FY)			(FY)		

CO2 emissions						
 
by overseas group companies
 
CO2 emissions during transport
 
Waste recycling rate
 

 	 	 
 


2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
0	5,000	10,000	15,000 (t-CO2)
 
 


2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
0	6,000	12,000	18,000 (t-CO2)
 
 
0



2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
70	80
 
90	100
 
(%)
 

 

Third-party audit	Internal auditor development course
 
Reduction in power consumption (use of top lights)
 

 	 	 
 

Ratio of female employees
 
Indicates the number of people who take childcare leave
 

 	 
 


2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
0	20	25	30
 
(%)
 


2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
0	20	40	60
 
(Persons)
 

 

Record of rehiring retired workers
























Qualitative results and goals
 

Taking of paid holidays

 

 

 


Reports made through internal reporting system
Scope: Group employees
(including temporary and contract employees)
0				5		10		15	(Reports)
									
2009				4					
									
2010							11		
									
2011			3						
									
2012					6				
									
2013				4					
(FY)									
 
“Welcome to Toyota Tsusho” event held at Nagoya Head Office

 


Inspection at Vietnamese apparel plant

 
 

	FY2013 results	FY2014 goals
Compliance	
Compliance training conducted during training for employees prior to overseas assignment and study sessions for officers
Stimulating interest in supply chain CSR through CSR feature articles in the employee magazine	
Strengthening bribery prevention systems Implementing PDCA for supply chain CSR
Risk Management	
Revision of rules for handling confidential information and personal information
Creation of a checklist for information security fundamentals and distribution to all group companies
Establishment of a Security Management Group to bolster overseas crisis management	
Promotion of revisions made to rules for handling confidential information and personal information among overseas group companies
Continued training on countermeasures against targeted e-mail attacks
Launch of intranet site to share information on overseas crisis management
Information Disclosure	
Redesign of website for easy viewing by smartphone and tablet users
Scheduling general shareholders’ meeting to avoid other companies’ meetings; on-demand broadcasts of general shareholders’ meetings; sending general shareholders’ meeting announce- ment three weeks prior to event
Briefings for private and other investors	
Creation of separate webpages for each business division and simplification of content
Provision of business briefing documents etc. for a wider array of information disclosure tools
Private investor briefing events in smaller cities in Japan
 
 

The Toyota Tsusho Group’s Policies on Safety and Health (Revised July 2011)

Recognizing that good communications are paramount for ensuring safety and health, top management places a high premium on dialogue with employees.

While strictly adhering to relevant safety and health laws and the internal workplace business rules and procedures of our customers, we have established our own standards, as we work to raise the level of our safety and health manage- ment.

We utilize occupational safety and health management systems and implement kaizen (continuous improvement) as we aim to continually raise safety and health levels.

To promote safety and health activities at all companies throughout the Toyota Tsusho Group, we will establish the nec- essary organizations and structures and clarify the locations of responsibilities.

To progress with the creation of comfortable and healthy workplaces, we will provide all employees with sufficient and necessary education for ensuring their safety and health.





We are fostering a corporate culture to prevent accidents.

 
The Toyota Tsusho Group believes that maintaining the safety of not only group employees but also all other people supporting our business endeavors is a fundamental aspect of our social responsi- bility. In keeping with this belief, the Toyota Tsusho Group aims to establish a culture of safety for its employees, affiliates and suppli- ers. Based on our motto “on site, hands on, in touch,” we actively engage in safety efforts based on the three pillars of "control struc- ture," "education and personnel development," and "support for accident prevention."
Despite this thorough approach, the number of accidents at our overseas operations increased in fiscal 2013 compared with the previous year. In August 2013, we responded by declaring a “state of safety emergency” on a global level and took steps to reaffirm safety awareness among all employees while bolstering our safety and health management systems. Specifically, we mitigated risks by shar- ing accident-related information among all organizations, including on-site operations, ensured the safety of personnel working in elevated work sites within and outside Japan, and prohibited per- sonnel from doing work outside their area of expertise. We also thoroughly conducted safety patrols and held emergency safety workshops to raise awareness among all personnel, including our suppliers. As a result, the number of accidents declined and we con- firmed that safety awareness had been raised throughout all Group companies, so we rescinded the state of emergency in April 2014.
Additionally, in fiscal 2013, we held monthly meetings of the Safety Management Improvement Committee, a cross-organiza- tional body including all of our group companies, to monitor each division’ s safety action plans and prevent risks throughout the Toyota Tsusho Group. The “zero accident” team members of each
 
division also held Weekly Safety Meetings to promote the rapid sharing of information on accidents, including close-calls.
Fiscal 2013 also witnessed the 2nd Global Safety Meeting, an initiative continuing on from fiscal 2012 to gather health and safety managers from Thailand, the United States, Brazil, Australia, Indo- nesia, South Africa, and China for a discussion on ways to maintain and improve the safety management systems in these seven coun- tries. The event was an ideal opportunity to promote our “Anzen First” (“Safety First”) philosophy among overseas organizations.
Toyota Tsusho's long-term vision, the Global 2020 Vision, states that we want to be a company that "garners our customers' trust." By considering safety in every aspect of our business, and ensuring the safety of everyone associated with our business, we hope to be a company that encourages people to take the initiative in preventing accidents.
I will continue working in unity with everyone in this fiscal year so as to realize that ideal.





Mikio Asano
Executive Vice President Safety and Health Management
General Supervisor
 

 
Promotion structure
We strive to share safety information and raise safety consciousness, with the Weekly Safety Meeting and Safety Management Improvement Committee at the core of our efforts.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation holds Weekly Safety Meetings attended by safety-re- lated personnel, primarily members of “zero accident” teams in each division.
Also, the Safety Management Improve- ment Committee, which extends laterally across the entire company and is attend- ed by divisional executives (chief division officers and directors in charge of “zero accident” promotion), meets monthly for the sharing of information and the uplift- ing of safety consciousness among top executives.
We promote safety management among Group companies and business partners.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has striven to instill a culture of safety and eliminate and prevent accidents, as reflected in the establishment of the Safety Manage- ment Office in 1985 and the Safety & Global Environment Management Department in 2001. We have increased visualization of safety by establishing indicators based on evaluations through safety diagnoses and other factors. As a
 
result of such efforts, “Sincere, Straight- forward, Speedy” have taken hold in each department, making possible more open and accurate accident reports.
In fiscal 2013, we strove toward the goal of maintaining safety awareness and acting with speed to implement safety initiatives in order to earn the trust of customers.
Members of “zero accident” team have been placed in all departments to promote safety.
Under the supervision of the heads of the sales divisions, “zero accident” team members at all sales departments take part in safety management activities within their own sales departments, as well as in any group companies that their departments are responsible for manag- ing. They work to uncover any issues, propose countermeasures and manage the progress of activities.
Furthermore, we hold annual “zero accident” team conventions to raise safety awareness. Attendees report on their departments’ activities along with initiatives requiring improvement, while commendations are awarded for out- standing activities.

 
Create case studies on accidents likely to occur in offices
 
In fiscal 2013, administrative employ- ees in each division focused on prevent- ing accidents within offices and during employee commutes. Case studies on office accidents were collected and distributed to the planning departments of all the divisions.

Eleven overseas group companies from seven countries participated in the Global Safety Meeting.
We have established the Toyota Tsusho Group OS&H promotion committee to promote occupational health and safety activities at Toyota Tsusho Corporation and its group companies in Japan. This committee is chaired by the general manager of the Human Resources Department, with the safety and health management general supervisor, who is a Toyota Tsusho director, and the repre- sentative directors of 53 group compa- nies in attendance.
Group companies outside Japan also
share the “Safety First” policy and philos- ophy. Safety activities at overseas sites are promoted in accordance with the laws and regulations of each country.
From fiscal 2012, we began holding a

 
Global Safety Meeting
 

Structure for promoting occupational health and safety
 
Safety efforts

 

Global Safety Meeting which convenes safety-related personnel from group companies around the world. Personnel share information and opinions with the goal of raising safety awareness at each overseas site.
In fiscal 2013, personnel from 11 overseas companies in seven countries participated in the meeting. In addition to the previous year’s participants from Thailand, the United States, Brazil, and Australia, representatives from Indonesia, South Africa, and China newly joined the meeting. We plan to continue holding the Global Safety Meeting in coming years as a way to collectively raise safety awareness as a Group.


Toyota Tsusho Corporation
 
Thirty-five companies conducted plant safety diagnoses.
Toyota Tsusho conducts plant inspec- tions at our business sites in Japan and overseas, whereby top-level manage- ment and the leaders of business divi- sions take the initiative in checking safety. We also conduct “plant safety diagnoses,” which involve reviews of 21 items, including the management struc- ture, the status of occupational health and safety committee activities, and the annual activity plan’s implementation status. Furthermore, we perform risk assessments in an effort to prevent acci- dents from occurring. These activities enable us to identify issues and imple- ment countermeasures.
Number of work-related accidents and lost time injury rate in FY2013
 

Plant diagnoses were carried out at group companies (20 in Japan and 15 overseas), with thorough guidance on safety management provided on-site. In addition, each group company conduct- ed risk assessments to look into mea- sures to identify sources of danger so as to prevent accident occurrence.

Suppliers

 
The Safety and Health Coopera- tion Council, with a membership of around 550 suppliers, works to enhance safety maintenance.
Through the cooperation of our approxi- mately 550 suppliers, we have formed the Safety and Health Cooperation Council, an organization that seeks to prevent accidents. Upon the request of the supplier, we also visit supplier sites to share our safety and health know-how.
Suppliers are divided into two catego- ries, “construction” and “delivery,” with conferences or seminars held for each



   Metal Division initiatives
We practice thorough safety management in our mining development business
The Metals Division conducts safety assessments from the planning stage of new investments into mining development and refinery construction in order to prevent labor and other accidents.
At the lithium development project in Argentina, for instance, the safety manag- er of stakeholder Toyota Tsusho Argentina conducts on-site safety inspections every three months in addition to the safety management measures carried out by the local operating company. In fiscal 2013, three safety inspections were conducted
 

category four times annually to share information related to safety management and trends on the indication of non-con- formance. Directors and general manag- ers from five divisions—Metals, Global Parts & Logistics, Machinery, Energy & Project, Chemical & Electronics, and Consumer Products & Services—attend these conferences or seminars, with the Safety Promotion Group members serv- ing as the secretariat.
In fiscal 2013, under the theme of legal compliance, we worked to prevent the hiding of work-related injuries in the event of an accident and strove to improve safety management.

Investments

 
Conducting safety reviews of business investments at the planning stage.
When Toyota Tsusho is contributing 50% or more of the investment in a project accompanied by construction, we con-



Lithium development in Argentina

and guidance was provided to the local operating company.
Additionally, the local operating com- pany is required to report on project safety status, close calls and other safety issues in its monthly progress reports. This allows project managers in Japan to regu- larly confirm the status of project safety.
 


 

 



Lost time injury rate at domestic group companies operating factories* (FY2013)
 
Machinery, Energy & Project Division initiatives

We provide safety training for employees participating in overseas construction projects
 

	Metals	Energy	Others
Target companies	14	3	14
Employees	1,244	481	3,549
Stoppage rate	0.00	0.00	0.00
* An indicator of accident frequency. The calculation is based on the number of accident-related casualties per 1 million working hours.
lost time injury rate =
Number of deaths and
 injuries due to accidents ×1,000,000 Total work hours
 
The Machinery, Energy & Project Division rigorously manages labor safety and health for its employees, particularly for large-scale projects such as drilling of marine gas fields and environmental equipment installation posing a high level of risk.
Employees involved in overseas con- struction projects receive safety seminars to understand ways to prevent accidents when making construction work orders. In
 
fiscal 2013, 57 employees received the seminars.
Division strategy conferences are also used as an opportunity for the chief division officer and other executives, gen- eral managers, project coordinators, officers of affiliates, and overseas expatri- ates to discuss and learn about safety management. Overseas expatriates also receive special safety management train- ing prior to their assignments.
 
duct an examination of the planning through construction work cycle to confirm that a safety management struc- ture has been put in place.
The Safety Management Group of the Safety and Global Environment Manage- ment Department strives to ensure that construction projects are completed with- out any accidents or disasters in order to fulfill our duty as a safety-conscious con- tractor. To this end, the group ensures that the five elements of the safe con- struction cycle are functioning properly.
Five elements of the safe construction cycle
•	Training for new site visitors
•	Implementation of work direction and KY
•	Safety patrols
•	Safety meetings
•	4S



Training
We are expanding rank-based safety training and cultivating in- house safety training instructors.
We believe that human resource cultiva- tion is where safety management truly begins, so in addition to group employ- ees, we also conduct safety training for suppliers. In line with our aim of increas- ing safety awareness, the “zero accident” team members who direct safety activi- ties at sales divisions are required to undergo training upon appointment as a safety manager. In fiscal 2013, 151 people took part in this training, raising the cumulative total to 1,000.
Rank-based safety training is also
provided to new employees, mid-level employees, managers and executives, and we are expanding the scope of safety training to include suppliers.
We cultivate instructors who provide this safety training in-house so they can understand the circumstances within the Toyota Tsusho Group and provide instruction corresponding to actual work- place needs. Training is provided by em- ployees who have received RST Trainer certification as instructors for occupa- tional health and safety by Japan’s Minis- try of Health, Labour and Welfare and the Toyota Group’s instructor certification for supervisory foreman education as “specialist instructors for all Toyota per- sonnel responsible for work operations.”
Currently, more than half the employ-
ees assigned to the Safety Management Group hold these certifications.
At our workplaces, we also assemble a variety of safety training programs on
 
DVD to promote visual safety education. Four types of DVDs are available: in the construction category, training covers working at high elevations, slinging work and preventing electric shock; in the deliv- ery category, lashing and crane opera- tions; in the production category, how to respond to abnormalities during opera- tions; and the management category. We have distributed these DVDs to 337 busi- ness units in Japan and overseas.
Principal training and number of people taking courses (FY2013)


Training topic	
Target	Number of people taking courses
Education and training for
new employees	New employees	
113 persons
Training upon appointment as a safety manager	
Mid-level employees, managers	
151 persons
Training for personnel posted overseas		
38 persons
Training for
persons responsible for construction	



People in charge (including at group companies and suppliers)	
117 persons
Training for
persons responsible for work operations		
674 persons
Education for high-elevation workers		
334 persons
Education on prevention of electrical shock		
327 persons
Practical safety workshop		
887 persons
Training for
top-level executives	
Executives	
298 persons

We have set up a practical safety workshop to enhance employee sensitivity to danger.
To heighten employee sensitivity to danger, in fiscal 2009 we established the Practical Safety workshop at the Toyota Steel Center. The workshop offers simu- lation of some 40 different types of danger, including being squeeze and danger involving heavy items, and in addition to attendance by Toyota Tsusho and group company employees the workshop is also open to business part- ners who take part in the Safety and Health Cooperation Council.
In fiscal 2013, 887 people used this
facility, including personnel from approxi- mately 30 business partners.

 
A practical safety workshop
 
Providing information on safety

 
We broadcast health and safety information using the electronic bulletin board OSH*-NET.
We have set up the Zero Accident Room at our headquarters, where we provide information about Toyota Tsusho Corpo- ration’s safety initiatives, as well as disas- ter case studies and training content. The facility is open to employees of Toyota Tsusho and group companies, and can be freely used by customers and suppliers.
Also, we used OSH-NET, an electron- ic bulletin board set up in fiscal 2008, to offer employees health and safety infor- mation, such as materials on safety and health management, disaster case stud- ies, the minutes of various meetings and information on safety and health, all in a single, convenient location. In fiscal 2011, OSH-NET was redesigned to add news updates and other features in order to improve the site’s convenience and functionality. We strive to have all of our employees share and understand information about a variety of safety and health efforts, and for the entire company to aim to improve safety awareness.
*Abbreviation for “occupational safety and health”


Supply chain

 
We provide guidelines for careful selection of superior suppliers and product management.
Food & Agribusiness Division has created a food safety management system with the Food Safety Management Group at its core, and strives to comply with laws and regulations. Our process of supplier selection includes plant inspections in addition to the screening of records. Only suppliers that have cleared our supplier selection management standards are chosen for registration.
Guidelines for product management based on our Supplier Management Standards are provided to registered suppliers, and strict management of each process, from ingredient selection through product shipping, is required. Also, local supplier inspections have been stipulated in an inspection manual based on our food safety management system rules, and in addition to requiring that registered suppliers conduct regular inspections, when suppliers find on-site inspections to be difficult, Toyota Tsusho
 
Safety efforts

 

conducts inspections through the Food & Agribusiness Division.
For food products imported into Japan, due to risks of unanticipated residual agrochemicals and animal drugs, we set our own internal rules for inspec- tion and conduct inspections upon import in accordance with the rules.
In the event that an inspection uncov- ers a regulatory violation or other major problem, we take measures to prevent the raw materials or products from being shipped or distributed. Additionally, we make a thorough investigation into the cause of the problem and consider and implement measures to prevent reoccur- rence so as to avert a food accident.
Because the food safety management system has been in use for five years, the Food & Agribusiness Division carried out a kaizen program in fiscal 2013 to upgrade the system to deal with current issues. As another major initiative, the division confirmed the status of safety management structures at its affiliates and new companies in order to establish a coordinated safety management system among these companies and the Food Safety Promotion Group. For fiscal 2014, the division plans to tackle issues identified in the kaizen program conduct- ed in fiscal 2013 and unveil a more efficient food safety management system. Additionally, the division will sys- tematically establish an efficient and coordinated safety management struc- ture linking affiliates and the Food Safety Promotion Group based on the research into the current organizational structures carried out in fiscal 2013.
Toyota Tsusho’s logistics centers
We have created our own manuals in conformity with the demands of Japan’s Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries and Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare for thorough quality control.
The Food & Agribusiness Division main- tains grain silos at four sites in Japan. We operate these silos according to our own quality control manuals that con- form to Japan’s Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries guidelines and
Grain silo
 

directives (on feedstuffs and wheat) and Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare directives (on corn). We conduct thorough cleaning and temperature con- trols at every stage, including pre-load- ing, loading, storage and shipment.

Appropriate product labeling

 
We strive for appropriate labeling and confirm the accuracy of ingredient labeling and date management.
We strive for thoroughly appropriate labeling so as to offer accurate informa- tion and product security. We confirm in advance that the ingredients actually in the product match the labeling, and we store label records, including label sam- ples and artwork, etc.
The Supplier Management Standards of the food safety management system stipulate rules regarding date manage- ment, such as sell-by and use-by dates, and we confirm that our suppliers are conducting proper date management.


Inspections and after-sales service

 
To execute our social responsibility as a car distributor, we are striving to enhance transportation safety and enrich and increase the convenience of mobility for customers in countries around the world.
The Automotive Division sells automo- biles and provides related services in 166 countries worldwide. The division believes that enhancing transportation safety and enriching and increasing the convenience of mobility for customers is central to its corporate responsibility as an auto distributor.
In Kenya, for example, Toyotsu Auto Mart Kenya Co., Ltd., a used automobile sales company in which Toyota Tsusho Corporation owns a stake, exemplifies this business approach. Prior to deliver- ing automobiles, the company carries out a thorough inspection to ensure custom- ers can drive safely and with peace of mind. Wholly owned subsidiary Toyota Kenya Co., Ltd., meanwhile, manages a service network of 50 sites throughout Kenya to increase customer convenience by providing services meeting the needs of customers anytime, anywhere.
The Automotive Division will continue
 

to establish and expand its automotive value chain in other regions to grow with the countries and communities in which it does business.

 
Kenyan automobile distributor

Sales finance services

 
We are developing our sales finance business to support the sound expansion of automobiles.
The Automotive Division is building its sales finance business to support the sound expansion of automobile consum- ers in emerging countries on the cusp of full-fledged economic growth.
In Mauritius, Tsusho Capital Mauritius Ltd., in which Toyota Tsusho Corporation owns a stake, provides low-interest loans and leases with maintenance ser- vices for automobiles sold by Toyota Mauritius Ltd., Toyota Tsusho’s local distributor. Tsusho Capital Mauritius carefully explains financing options and arranges appropriate maintenance pack- ages to ensure that it can provide prod- ucts each and every customer can enjoy with peace of mind. By offering one-stop services at the distributor, the company strives to make rapid credit assessments and provide services matching the needs of customers.
The division will continue to expand
its reach in new markets and contribute to the economic development of emerg- ing countries through financing for the motorization of society.

 
Sales finance counter at auto distributor
 
Approach to the environment
Toyota Tsusho Corporation considers its approach to the environment to be inextricably linked with our Corporate Philosophy of “living and prospering together with people, society and the Earth.” In accordance with the Toyota Tsusho Group’s Environmental Policy, all executives and employees share this understanding and perform their activities accordingly.



Toyota Tsusho Group’s Environmental Policy

As a responsible corporate citizen, we strive to reduce impact on the environment, conserve energy, recycle resources and eliminate environmental pollution, while placing a high priority on not disturbing the global environment in conducting business.

We promote environment-related businesses, such as the efficient use of waste and the preservation of natural resources, and contribute to the realization of a recycling-oriented economy and society in collaboration with our affiliates and business partners.

We comply with all environmental requirements, including environmental laws and regulations and industry guidelines.

We participate in activities to reduce impact on the environment by establishing an environmental management system and implement kaizen (continuous improvement) of these activities through periodic review and the application of cre- ative ideas.

We enhance environmental awareness among employees by providing environmental training and promoting a thorough understanding of our environmental policy.





As a company with responsibility for the global environment and for business sustainability, we will continue to work with consideration for the environment
 
Environmental issues cannot be avoided by the company in the course of its activities. Such issues confront us in various ways, and, as serious problems, they sometimes stand in our way.
For us, the Toyota Tsusho Group, our duty and a major part of our mission is to give consideration to the environment and to act with sincerity. Fulfilling this duty and this mission is the same as implementing our Corporate Philosophy: “living and prospering together with people, society and the Earth, we aim to become a value-creating company that contributes to the creation of a pros- perous society.”
Based on the Corporate Philosophy, we have established the Toyota Tsusho Group’s Environmental Policy, and we aim to real- ize a society in harmony with nature, meaning one that is recy- cling-oriented, as well as low-carbon, through the Toyota Tsusho Group environmental management system. We are also working to comply with environmental laws and regulations and to prevent pollution. In view of this, we are developing environmentally friendly business activities in all three business domain fields high- lighted in the long-term vision of the Toyota Tsusho Group, the Global 2020 Vision: “next-generation mobility systems,” “better living environments,” and “solutions to global issues.”
In fiscal 2013, we further implemented kaizen in environmental
management by including an environmental risk assessment in the Toyota Tsusho Group environmental management system for a quantitative analysis of environmental risk and management-level visualization. Also, from a perspective of reducing pollution risk, we
 
deal promptly with PCB waste throughout the entire Toyota Tsusho Group and we are pursuing greater efficiency by means of coordinated processing throughout the group. We will continue to promote this initiative in fiscal 2014 as we strive to reduce pollu- tion risk.
“As a company with responsibility for the global environment and for business sustainability, we will pass down a rich global envi- ronment to future generations.” These are the thoughts of the Toyota Tsusho Group in connection to the global environment. We will continue to carry out environmentally friendly business activi- ties as we work to implement kaizen in environmental management.







Mikio Asano
Executive Vice President Environmental Management
General Supervisor
 
Approach to the environment

 

 
Promotion structure
We are stepping up our environmental management efforts, focusing on our Conference on the Global Environment.
Toyota Tsusho promotes environmental management primarily through an annual Conference on the Global Environment attended by its environmental manage- ment general supervisor, environmental management representative, chief divi- sion officers, the environmental manage- ment representatives of group compa- nies, and other employees involved in environmental initiatives. The conference is a venue for sharing examples of thor- ough incorporation of the directives of the environmental management general supervisor, who bears ultimate responsi- bility for the environment for the Toyota Tsusho Group overall, kaizen regarding issues of environmental significance, and measures to prevent recurrence of irreg- ularities, complaints or close calls that have taken place at group companies.
At the Conference on the Global Envi-
ronment held in August 2013, partici- pants discussed the introduction of en- vironmental risk assessment, revisions to the environmental management system manual, and changes to the internal audit system.
At the Environmental Promotion Con- ference held in March 2014, representa- tives from 56 group companies present- ed management reviews and reports on ISO 14001 surveillance and the third environmental risk assessment. In addi-
 

tion to sharing reports on irregularities, complaints or close calls and ways of preventing these problems, with regards to industrial waste processing, the par- ticipants developed countermeasures for stronger compliance checks.

Environmental risk management

 
We are continuing to use advance environmental assessments or investment projects.
Toyota Tsusho carries out advance envi- ronmental assessments for investment projects under its management to ensure compliance with environmental regulations and prevent pollution. Specifically, with respect to land and facilities for investment projects, strict checks are carried out for seven types of pollution*1, as well as a total of 10 important items including industrial waste, harmful chemical substances, and flammable substances.
In fiscal 2013, we carried out environ- mental assessments of 41 projects, of which 16 projects required additional environmental protection equipment and monitoring measures to gain approval.
In April 2012, we introduced a new advance assessment system for invest- ment projects. This system provides advance assessments to ensure the envi- ronmental consciousness of large-scale investment projects covering 30 types of operations*2 with a particularly large impact on the environment, irrespective of the scale of the contribution.
In fiscal 2013, 12 projects were assessed using this new system. Through the con- tinued operation of this system, we will gather project data and create databas- es as part of an effort to reduce the envi- ronmental impact risk and prevent envi-
 

ronmental and social problems.
*1 Seven types of pollution: Air pollution, water contamination, soil contamination, noise, vibration, offensive odors and ground subsidence
*2 Based on Japan Bank for International Cooperation guidelines

  Metal Division initiatives
We carry out environmental assessments for mine development projects
When making investments in emerg- ing and developing countries, the Metals Division carefully considers the environmental and social aspects of supply chain management.
For a lithium development project in Argentina, the division has conduct- ed water quality and environmental assessments since the launch of a pilot plant in 2010. In consideration of the local community, the division con- ducts water quality tests on communi- ty wells and offers proposals on water purification.

 
Lime plant under construction


We have put in place emergency communication procedures and set up a system to ensure reporting within one hour.
Toyota Tsusho has established an envi-
 

Environmental management promotion structure
 
ronmental reporting structure with detailed emergency communication pro- cedures. In the event of an environmen- tal problem (irregularity, complaint or hiyari (near miss)), the department han- dling the problem immediately takes ameliorative measures while reporting the incident to related departments within one hour. After identifying the core issue, we take countermeasures to pre- vent reoccurrence and confirm that these measures are effective. The same process is applied in the case of minor environmental irregularities, which repre- sent an exceeding of voluntary standards or occur within the industrial zone but do not conflict with laws or regulations.
Information regarding environmental
problems is reported to our Conference on the Global Environment and published on our intranet. We are striving to prevent a reoccurrence of emergencies by sharing incidence reports horizontally throughout our departments and group companies.
From fiscal 2013, we introduced con- tractor audits for construction and trans- port contractors that have caused envi- ronmental accidents in order to thor- oughly prevent the reoccurrence of such problems.
Moving forward, Toyota Tsusho Corpo- ration will collaborate with its group com- panies and its contractors to promote environmental accident countermeasures.

Establishment of an environmental management system
We are encouraging the acquisition of ISO 14001 certification at group companies in Japan and overseas.
Toyota Tsusho promotes the acquisition of ISO 14001 international environmental management system certification among
 
domestic and overseas group companies as a common tool for supporting consoli- dated environmental management.
Four companies in Japan newly acquired this certification in fiscal 2013. As a result, as of March 31, 2014, we had received ISO 14001 certifications for 56 companies in Japan and 155 overseas.
We verify our environmental management system through internal and third-party audits.
To ensure that our environmental man- agement system is operating effectively, we conduct internal audits as well as third-party ISO 14001 audits through external auditing organizations.
During the internal audits conducted in fiscal 2013, we verified organizations’ environmental risk management levels, legal compliance, emergency response and other items based on the results of environmental risk assessments and in consideration of the importance of on-site environmental compliance. The fiscal 2013 ISO 14001 third-party audit focused on kaizen of the environmental
Internal and third-party audit results (FY2013)

	Toyota Tsusho (non-consolidated)	Group companies
Internal audits	48 departments	17 companies
Third-party audits	23 departments	37 companies

 
Third-party audit
 
management system, environmental management of the entire supply chain, environmental risk management under worst-case scenarios, among other issues. Neither the internal audit nor the third-party audit identified serious issues.
The external audit organization granted a three-year renewal of our ISO 14001 certification starting from fiscal 2012.
We hold ISO seminars and ISO 14001 internal auditor development courses.
Each year, Toyota Tsusho Corporation conducts ISO seminars to cultivate per- sonnel to drive our environmental man- agement. In fiscal 2013, we provided introductory training for ISO-related per- sonnel (primary and secondary environ- mental leaders, managers of key depart- ments, and employees in charge of ISO administrative offices) in April for a total of 691 participants taking classes at the Nagoya and Tokyo head offices and Osaka Branch.
We also invited outside instructors to
lead ISO 14001 internal auditor develop- ment courses for our domestic group companies, with 43 employees partici- pating in the fiscal 2013 sessions held at the Nagoya and Tokyo head offices.
We plan to continue these courses in the future in order to improve the skills of the group’s environmental personnel and internal auditors.

 
Internal auditor development course
 


Annual schedule of environmental activities
 
Approach to the environment

 

Seminar results (FY2013)
 

group sites in Japan have installed solar power generation systems. The Toyota Branch, meanwhile, has installed sun- shade louvers to reduce air conditioner power consumption.
Also, based on the Japan Foreign Trade Council’s low-carbon society pro- motion plan, we have set a target of reducing power consumption by fiscal 2020 to 6,490 MWh per year, which is 10% lower than fiscal 2009. In fiscal 2013, the Nagoya and Tokyo head offic-
Office CO2 emissions
 
(Facilities covered: Nagoya and Tokyo head offices, lighting/air conditioning)
 

es reduced their power consumption to 5,180 MWh.
In fiscal 2013, based on the energy efficiency investment and implementation plans created by the Energy-Saving Pro- motion Council, we clarified the stan- dards for energy management and car- ried out energy-efficiency audits. As on specific measure at offices, energy-effi- cient computers were installed.
Moving forward, as a member of the Japan Foreign Trade Council, we will continue to manage CO2 emissions reductions and make progress toward the target of reducing emissions by a yearly average of 1% per unit of sales.
 


 
CO2 emissions reductions at offices and other facilities
The Energy-Saving Promotion Council is leading our effort to reduce electric power consumption.
 


2009

2010

2011

2012

2013
(FY)
 
0	1,000	2,000	3,000
 
(t-CO2)
 
*Established in 1947 as a trade industry
organization. JFTC seeks to contribute to the development of Japanese trade, trading companies, the trading industry and the economy

Reducing CO2 emissions at group companies

 
We continue to reduce CO2 emissions through the consolidation of manufacturing facilities and lowering standby power consumption.
 
As a member of the Japan Foreign Trade Council, Inc.*, Toyota Tsusho Corpora-
 
0	50
 
(t-CO2/1,000 m2)
 
We are taking various initiatives to reduce
 
tion participates in a voluntary action plan implemented by the council to achieve the Kyoto Protocol’s greenhouse gas reduction targets.
As part of our steady efforts to save electricity, all of Toyota Tsusho Corpora- tion sites in Japan set their thermostats to 28°C in the summer and 22°C in the winter. Additionally, four Toyota Tsusho
 
Energy-Saving Promotion Council

 
 


 

Metals Division initiatives

We are reducing CO2 emissions in the molten aluminum business through the installation of energy-saving equipment
 
The Metals Division leads the development of the molten aluminum business, in which it melts down aluminum materials and sup- plies aluminum in a molten state. Ener- gy-saving equipment has been introduced
 
minimize heat loss from furnaces and materials crushing machines to improve melting efficiency.
In fiscal 2014, the division will continue to take CO2 emissions reduction initiatives
 
CO2 emissions from the molten aluminum business

 
0	100,000
 






(t-CO2)
 
at its plants along with a variety of kaizen
measures in order to reduce energy use.
At MOST, a high-volume U.S. produc- tion subsidiary, the division has continued to introduce energy-efficient regenerators*. At PT Indonesia Smelting Technology (IST), the division installed regenerators in both fiscal 2012 and 2013 and achieved CO2 reduction of about 30% in fiscal 2013 as a result.
 
as it strives toward the target of reducing emissions annually by 1%.
*Burners that raise combustion efficiency by reheating exhaust heat in the air, for use in combustion air
 
2009
2010
*1
2011
*2
2012
2013
(FY)
 











0	400
 













(t-CO2 /1,000 tons)
 
At our Japanese plants, we introduced
 
CO2 emissions
 
  Emissions per unit of production
 
and began operating a maintenance system to maximize the effectiveness of regenerators. To promote energy efficiency at the plants, we installed air curtains to
 



Molten aluminum business
 
*1 With the exception of April through June due to the impact of the earthquake
*2 Excluding results in September, when business was significantly affected by the Senkaku Islands dispute
 
CO2 emissions at domestic group compa- nies, primarily their manufacturing opera-
 
Skylights at Toyotsu-new Pack
LED lighting at Toyotsu-new Pack

 
Geothermal heat pump at Tianjin Fengtian Steel Process Co., Ltd. (China)
 
tions. These include the consolidation of manufacturing equipment, installation of skylights and LED lighting to reduce power consumption, reduction of standby power consumption by turning off compressors when not in use, use of inverter controls, and consolidation of similar production equipment.
Moving forward, we plan to introduce CO2 emissions reduction initiatives at overseas group companies as well.

Reducing CO2 emissions during transport

 
We are promoting the reduction of CO2 emissions centered on two companies that are “specified consigners”* under Japan’s Law Concerning the Rational Use of Energy.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation and Toyota Steel Center Co., Ltd., which are certified as specified consigners under Japan’s Law Concerning the Rational Use of Energy, aim to reduce CO2 unit emis- sions by an average of 1% per year and aim to reduce CO2 emissions 1% per year on a unit sales basis. To achieve this, the two companies are promoting a modal shift from trucks to rail or ship transport, which emits less CO2 They are also increasing container loading ratios and shortening distribution routes to
 
make truck transportation more efficient. Measures such as these are designed to reduce CO2 emissions during product transport and other aspects of logistics through cooperation with shippers.
The portion of Toyota Tsusho’s sales taken up by metals and other heavy items for distribution has increased, so CO2 emissions per sales unit from fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2013 have worsened 9.5%. Nonetheless, those of Toyota Steel Center have improved 4.6%.
In fiscal 2014, in order to meet the target of reducing emissions per unit of sales by 1% compared to the previous year, we plan to take such measures as concentrating the logistics of our pro- cessing centers and increasing the rate of installation of digital tachographs.
*Companies that transport 30 million tons or more of cargo per year



Increasing waste recycling and lowering the landfill waste ratio

 
We have taken kaizen to new levels for waste recycling and lowering the landfill waste ratio.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation promotes the
 

 
CO2 emissions
 
CO2 emissions during transport
 
Reducing waste and promoting recycling
 
 	 	 
(Calculations cover: electricity, utility gas)	(Range: Nagoya and Tokyo head offices)
 


2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
(FY)
 
0	20,000	40,000	60,000
 
(t-CO2)
 
0

2009
2010
 
6,000
 
12,000
 
18,000
 
(t-CO2)
 
0

2010

2011

2012

2013
(FY)
 
100
 
200
 
300	400	500 (tons)
 
0	10
 
(t-CO2 /billion yen)	0
 
2	4 (t-CO2 /billion yen)
 
0	0.2
 
0.4	60
 
80	(%)
 
CO2 emissions
Emissions per unit of sales

CO2 emissions
 
(Calculations cover: electricity)
0	4,000	8,000	12,000
 









(t-CO2)
 
CO2 emissions
Emissions per unit of sales

CO2 emissions during transport

 

0	5,000	10,000	15,000
 









(t-CO2)
 
Valuable material sold Amount of material recycled
Incinerated waste		Landfill waste Recycling ratio	Landfill waste ratio

Reducing waste and promoting recycling

 
 

2009
2010



2013
(FY)
 

2009
2010
2011

 
2013
(FY)
 
0


2011

2012

2013
(FY)
 
20,000



 
40,000
 
60,000	80,000 (tons)
 
−10	−5	0	5	10	15
CO
 
(%)
 
0	500	1,000
(t-CO2 /tons•km)
 
0	1	2	80	90
 
(%)
 
2 emissions
Per-unit improvement rate
 
CO2 emissions
Emissions per unit of transport
 
Valuable material sold Amount of material recycled
Incinerated waste		Landfill waste Recycling ratio	Landfill waste ratio
 
Approach to the environment

 

3Rs: reduce waste, reuse products and recycle resources.
As part of our waste reduction mea- sures, since fiscal 2012 our head offices have sold to disposal and recycling com- panies stored paper waste that they pre- viously paid to dispose of, and, from fiscal 2013, they have sold documents for disposal, while group companies have also sold waste oil and batteries.
In fiscal 2013, the Nagoya Head Office implemented a campaign to improve waste separation and waste recycling rates through kaizen programs, increasing the number of waste separa- tion bins, e-learning and other aware- ness programs.
In terms of the landfill waste ratio, which represents the final amount of waste generated, the Nagoya and Tokyo head offices achieved 0% landfill waste ratio in fiscal 2013 based on guidelines set by Japan’s Ministry of the Environ- ment for thermal recycling and other measures, while group companies as a whole achieved a landfill waste ratio of 0.31%. The recycling rate reached 88.9% (Nagoya and Tokyo head offices).
Toyota Tsusho Group companies in Japan will continue to maintain and improve 3R waste reduction and zero emissions measures to continually limit
 

the ratio of landfill waste to 0.5% or less of total waste generated.


Chemical management

 
Chemical management in consideration of human health and the environment in line with the EU REACH*1 regulations.
Some of the substances used in industri- al processes pose a pollution risk or can damage human health. The Toyota Tsusho Group uses and manages these substances in compliance with the vari- ous rules established by the European Union.
For example, at plastics processing plants and synthetic rubber processing plants manufacturing auto parts, we use plasticizers and flame retardants regulat- ed by REACH. As part of our substance management activities, we manage the amounts of each of the regulated sub- stances and related compounds con- tained in products. Also, we confirm whether or not certain substances (SVHCs*2 ) are contained in molded
 

items, and use and manage chemical substances in consideration of human health and the environment.
*1 Short for “registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemical substances” and an EU law on the use, handling and purposes of chemical substances
*2 Short for “substances of very high concern” of which there is substantial concern about serious negative impact on the environment or human health

Promoting rapid disposal of PCB waste

 
Promotion of the early disposal based on laws of PCB content transformers etc.
The Toyota Tsusho Group promotes early disposal of PCB wastes in order to reduce environmental pollution risk. In fiscal 2013, we promoted disposal of low density PCB wastes among Toyota Tsusho Corporation and group compa- nies as a way to improve efficiency.
In fiscal 2014, we will make a dispos- al scheme for high density PCB wastes, as well as continue to dispose of low density PCB wastes.


Boosting employee awareness

 
We are raising employees’
 
Chemical & Electronics Division

We have started operation of a chemical substance total management system
 
awareness of environmental issues through e-learning systems and “environment month” campaigns.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation is also promot-
 
In the Chemical & Electronics Division, we officially started operation of a new chemi- cal substance total management system in April 2012. The system was developed in response to more stringent require- ments for the management of chemical substances advocated by the International Conference on Chemicals Management (ICCM) and the Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management, a
 
policy framework adopted by the ICCM.
Additionally, the division enhanced its compliance structure in response to regu- lations in China and Taiwan, along with the revision of laws in Japan. To ensure that these improved systems were implement- ed as planned, the division held seminars for its employees to promote the impor- tance of compliance and specific tasks required under the systems.
 
ing initiatives to heighten the environmental awareness of general employees. In fiscal 2009 we launched intranet-based e-learn- ing courses on ISO 14001 and certifica- tions for environmental specialists (bio- logical diversity and eco-verification). These e-learning courses provide em- ployees with more opportunities to study the environment.
As a member of our Toyota-wide pro-
duction environment conference, we
 
Chemical substance management initiatives and plans
FY2013 achievements	FY2014 plans
•	Officially began operation of the chemical substance total management system; established a compliance verification structure
•	In China, took measures to comply with new chemical substance environmental management law and hazardous chemical safety management regulation
•	In Taiwan, took measures to comply with toxic chemical management law and labor safety and health law
•	In Japan, strengthened inspections of imported product components to comply with revised Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc.
•	Held seminars on division’s response to legal revisions.	•	In China, take measures to comply with Regulations on Safe Management of Hazardous Chemicals
•	In South Korea, take measures to comply with K-REACH
•	Establish compliance structures at chemical sales subsidiaries
 
promote the “All-Toyota Global Environ- mental Awareness Month” every June.
During environment month in fiscal 2013, we screened the environmental documentary “No Impact Man.”

 
Screening of movie on environmental issues
 
We plan to implement a wide range of initiatives to raise the environmental awareness of employees throughout the company.
Number of e-learning course participants
(FY)
	2011	2012	2013

ISO 14001 basics, putting it into practice	
3,266	
3,776	
576
Eco-verification (Parts 1-17), biodiversity	
10,828	
11,692	
4,025



Using renewable energy
We have entered the woody biomass power generation business, which utilizes forest resources.
Through the effective use of forest resources, woody biomass power gener- ation has a meaning for society in terms of improving forest environments and promoting the adoption of renewable energy. The Toyota Tsusho subsidiary Ene-Vision Co., Ltd., has established a new subsidiary to begin promoting this business.
In addition to the location require- ments, the woody biomass power gen- eration business requires an abundance of forest resources. Business is under- way at an industrial park in Gotsu City, Shimane Prefecture, which fulfills all of the requirements. The materials that will be used are largely made up of unused domestic Japanese materials, mainly wood from thinning and timber off cuts, mixed partially with imported PKS (palm tree seed husks).
The planned generation amount per
annum is projected to be approximately 86,000 MWh, with a maximum annual income of approximately 2.4 billion yen. We are aiming to begin production by April 2015.
 
Conceptual image of wood-fuel biomass power plant under construction
 
Promoting the adoption of fuel-cell vehicles

 
We are operating Japan’s first commercial-use hydrogen stations in Aichi Prefecture.
Fuel-cell vehicle motors are driven by electricity gained from a chemical reac- tion from hydrogen and oxygen captured from the air. As it emits only water, and not carbon dioxide, it is called the “ulti- mate eco car.”
Toyota Tsusho has established a new company with Air Liquide Japan called Toyota Tsusho Air Liquide Hydrogen Energy Corporation to establish com- mercial-use hydrogen stations to supply fuel-cell automobiles with hydrogen. The new company will set up hydrogen stations at two locations in Aichi Prefec- ture, and we aim to start operation at the beginning of 2015 when automobile manufacturers will introduce fuel-cell vehicles.
The Air Liquide Group, which is the
parent company of Air Liquide Japan, has so far established hydrogen stations for fuel-cell vehicles in 60 locations around the world. By acquiring an ideal partner with a wealth of experience, Toyota Tsusho will build up expertise and achievements in connection to hydrogen infrastructure by operating the the two newly planned hydrogen stations, and will be able to contribute to the adoption of fuel-cell vehicles in Japan.

 
Conceptual image of completed hydrogen station

Installing energy-saving air conditioning at large scale facilities

 
We are proceeding with a proving test for a new type of fan made in the United States.
With the appearance of such social issues as global warming and summer heatstroke, there is a need for improved working environments at industrial facili- ties in the summer, non-air conditioning heatstroke countermeasures at physical training facilities, the creation of pleasant environments at commercial facilities, energy-saving throughout the year and more.
In order to meet such demands, Toyota Tsusho has entered a contract with The Big Ass Fan Company of the
 
United States, which is the largest man- ufacturer of HVLS (high volume low speed) fans, to become the exclusive Japanese agent, and sales have started through the group company, Toyotsu Machinery Corporation.
HVLS fans are extremely energy efficient fans that use a high-efficiency motor to rotate a huge blade at a low speed, which creates a high volume of airflow in large spaces. At the end of 2013, we donated and installed three fans at Spa Resort Hawaiians in Fukushi- ma prefecture. By means of a trial run and a proving test, we were able to con- firm energy conservation results of between 1 and 1.5 million yen per month during periods of heater usage. The proving test will continue even after full-scale operation.

 
Donation ceremony at Spa Resort Hawaiians in Fukushima Prefecture
 
 

Principles concerning employees
We aim to realize our management strategies without being constrained by past experiences or preconceptions and based on the watchwords “real source” and “On site, Hands on, In touch.” Accordingly, from the perspective of overall optimization, the Toyota Tsusho Group will employ, develop and advance employees who can cooperate and lead the way to an even better future.
Key points for promoting CSR from an employee perspective
 

Point
Build an environment that allows employees to work with vitality.
To enable a company and its employees to realize continuous growth, it is essential to create a workplace environment and systems that make employees’ work rewarding and fulfilling. With this in mind, we are devising a number of measures to build such an environment and systems.
Point
Create frameworks for promoting constant and autonomous reforms and kaizen.
We regard a company’s responsibility as enabling employees to act with self-initiative, with an unceasing desire to pursue reforms and kaizen (continuous improvement). Toyota Tsusho is building systems and frameworks that promote such actions.
 

Point
Develop human resources capable of responding flexibly, quickly and sincerely to changes in the global business environment.
The management environment is evolving at a breathtaking pace. Even so, we will work to strengthen our business functions and develop human resources capable of continually undertaking sincere business activities.

Point
Promote teamwork with an eye toward overall optimization as an organization. We are building organizations that enable overall optimization by respecting individuality and including diversity. To do so, we believe it is essential to have a corporate culture that fosters mutual respect and ensures sufficient vertical,
horizontal and diagonal communication. We are currently creating a frame- work for such a corporate culture.
 

To achieve the GLOBAL 2020 VISION, we are fostering a corporate culture in which a diverse human resources can thrive.
 
At Toyota Tsusho Corporation, we practice kaizen on a daily basis to create workplaces in which all Toyota Tsusho Group employees, including those at overseas subsidiaries and at our affiliates, can work with a high level of motivation and energy. Based on our Principles Concerning Employees, this approach ensures that our group companies and our employees can grow sustainably.
In fiscal 2013, with the aim of achieving our Global 2020 Vision, we emphasized “globalization” and “promoting diversity and inclusion” in taking new measures to promote the development of our human resources and foster a corporate culture in which diverse human resources can thrive.
As one example, we introduced new programs to nurture man- agement employees who can build mutually trusted relationships with the management of top global companies and as well as employees who can launch new business endeavors. In this pro- gram, Toyota Tsusho Corporation employees joined employees of our overseas sites for training sessions featuring liberal arts and action learning. All the sessions were held in English. In fiscal 2014, we plan to expand our initiatives to nurture employees who can contribute to solving global issues.
In terms of diversity, we launched a new project team tasked with finding ways to promote the roles of a diverse range of employees, including employees at overseas sites, senior employees, and younger employees. In fiscal 2013, the project team focused on promoting the roles of female employees. The team implemented measures to enhance awareness and motivation while expanding opportunities for female employees to build their careers and acquire skills amid various life events. In fiscal 2014, we plan to take specific measures to promote the role of female employees,
 
including the dissemination of messages across the group and holding seminars on the topic.
This year we also newly established a Career Development Group to encourage the role of older employees. This group will plan and operate a system to facilitate human resources exchanges among group companies so that affiliates can take advantage of the wealth of experience offered by older employees. The ultimate goal is to become a company in which a diverse group of human resources can co-create and generate new value.
As the Toyota Tsusho Group pursues business initiatives around the world, the highest priority of the Administrative Division is to establish safe working environments in which employees can focus on executing their work with peace of mind. To that end, in fiscal 2013 we established a Security Management Group and started to build crisis management structures in all the countries in which the Toyota Tsusho Group does business. We also provide crisis man- agement training to employees and their families prior to overseas assignment as a way of improving our level of crisis management.
Our business is formed by our people. Moving forward, we will continue to ensure that both the company and employees can grow sustainably and make contributions to society through our business.


Kuniaki Yamagiwa
Managing Director and Chief Division Officer of the Administrative Division
 

３５
 

 
Basic stance
We work to conduct employee performance evaluations that are fair and performance-based.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation considers “overall optimization” a core value that relates to all human resources initiatives, including hiring, training, evaluation and rotation. To exist as an organization and provide greater value to stakeholders, Toyota Tsusho believes that in addition to boosting individual performance, cooper- ation from multiple human and organiza- tion resources is essential.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation strives to perform fair employee evaluations based solely on performance and without bias to gender, age or nationality. When evaluating performance levels each year, we require interviews between the employee and the evaluator. We also hold modification meetings at various stages of the process of performing evaluations to ensure that employee performance is assessed fairly from multiple perspectives.
Similarly, we work to ensure fair
and results-based systems of em- ployee classification, compensation and rotation.

Challenge rotation
We boost employee motivation toward their jobs by meeting their posting requests.
To foster a high level of employee moti- vation, Toyota Tsusho Corporation oper- ates a “challenge rotation” system in which the company strives to accommo- date assignment requests from employ- ees with a strong interest in a specific field of business.
In fiscal 2013, 50 employees applied for “challenge rotation” and 15 were assigned to new positions.

Commendation systems
We present commendations to organizations and employees contributing to the realization of our corporate vision, judging their achievements from diverse perspectives.
Every year, we present commendations to organizations and individuals in Japan and overseas in recognition of their efforts to realize our corporate vision.
Division GV (G’ VALUE) Awards are given to organizations with high levels of performance. Among the award-winning
 
organizations, one is selected to receive the President’s Award.
In fiscal 2013, the Automotive Division received the President's Award for suc- cessfully acquiring shares of CFAO and launching a strategic alliance with the company.
Principal commendation systems and FY2013 award recipients

Name	Target	Recipients
The President's Award	Organizations achieving the highest performance from among the Division GV Excellence Awards	
1 award

Co-creation Award	Organizations achieving exemplary co-creation with other divisions	
1 award

Break- through Award	Organizations achieving an exemplary breakthrough by launching a new business or project	
1 award
Division GV
Excellence Award	Organizations achieving the highest level of achievement from among the Division GV Award winners	
8 awards

Division GV Award	Organizations providing superior contributions to the company throughout the year	
38
organizations
Commen- dation for Qualification Acquisition	People obtaining company recommended qualifications	
203
awards
Commen- dation of Social Contribution	Individuals volunteer- ing to make social contributions	
14
persons
Excellent Kaizen Proposal Awards	Individuals successful in making operational kaizen	
44
persons


Basic stance

 
We develop human resources who can practice the Toyota Tsusho Group Way.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation implements a diverse range of educational and training programs to develop personnel capable of practicing the keywords of the Toyota Tsusho Group Way: “SHOKON (A pas- sion for business),” “GENCHI, GENJIT- SU, GENBUTSU (On site, Hands on, In touch)” and “TEAM POWER (Teamwork)” and to raise employee skill levels.
We are striving to foster a corporate culture that encourages co-creation through the activities of a diverse work- force. Within this culture, we are prioritiz- ing the development of employees capa- ble of launching global businesses and management talent capable of building relations with counterparts at global leading companies.
 
Education and Training

 
We expand training programs to support our global business growth.
We offer rank-based training to young employees (in their second and fourth years) and newly appointed manager class of the same. The purpose of rank-based training is to develop em- ployees with a global TTC group-wide perspective aimed at maximizing the performance of overall organization, as well as to enable employees to acquire in stages “global,” “Toyota Tsusho Group Way leadership,” and “business profes- sional” perspectives, which are neces- sary for global business creation and management promotion, and then lever- age these capabilities.
In addition, for younger employees
we provide Innovation Leader Incubation Institute ( “I.I.I.” ) to develop the entrepre- neurship for creating new businesses. We also provide practical knowledge courses and training programs for study- ing business skills, including e-learning programs. Some of the programs can be taken by employees of overseas compa- nies locally at their sites.
For leading general manager class of employees, we of fer the Global Advanced Leadership Program (GALP), which is taken jointly with the employees of overseas companies to discuss the company’s issues and the Toyota Tsusho Group Way. We also provide head office employees enrolled in the Breakthrough Seminars to.
In fiscal 2014, we plan to hold further joint training sessions between domestic and overseas participants in the Innovation Leader Cultivation Semi- nars as a way of stimulating global communication.
We provide self-development support system to match employee ambition.
We are providing a self-development support system for all employees, including contract and part-time employ- ees, by providing subsidies to cover course fees for correspondence courses and other external learning opportuni- ties.We publicize this system by intranet bulletin board and other systems and by emailing eligible employees so as to encourage more of them to take advan- tage of it.
We are developing a variety of educa- tional systems at our Toyota Tsusho Group companies as well, and are work- ing to improve the quality of human resources development throughout the entire Toyota Tsusho Group.
 

３６
 
Human resource initiatives

 

Training results (FY2013)
 

Category	Course name	Number of attendees
Personnel in charge of specific tasks*1

Long-term program	Breakthrough Seminars	16 persons
	Innovation Leader
Incubation Institute	24 persons







Rank-based training	Training for newly
appointed group leaders	42 persons
	Practical training for newly
appointed managers	59 persons
	Training for newly
appointed L-staff	50 persons
	Training for existing T1 staff	43 persons
	Training for newly
appointed T1	54 persons
	Cafeteria-style training	Mid-grade accounting	73 persons
		Strategy and
marketing	76 persons
		Career design/ability
to involve others	51 persons
		Problem-solving and
questioning	70 persons
		Beginning accounting	79 persons
Business skills used throughout the company (elective)	Second year training	99 persons
	M&A	27 persons
	Logical writing	38 persons
	Writing emails in English	70 persons
OJT-related	OJT leader training	90 persons
According to goal	Pre-overseas
appointment training	169 persons
Administrative staff*2
Long-term program	TRY-1 women’s program	8 persons
	Practical career NEO training	22 persons


Rank-based training	Training for newly-
appointed SG	13 persons
	Training for newly-
appointed G1	19 persons
	Training for newly-
appointed G2	44 persons
	Second year training	27 persons
*1 Employees who may be relocated to different regions. Also called “career-track employees.”
*2 Personnel who handle backup work for personnel in charge of specific tasks or routine tasks in a specific region. Also known as “general employees.”
 

All young employees are sent on overseas assignments by their seventh year with the company.
As a trading company, Toyota Tsusho Corporation posts employees to over- seas assignments on a frequent basis. To further develop employees who can handle such postings, we have put in place an Overseas Foreign Language Study system for young personnel in

Impressions of an overseas trainee
 

charge of specific tasks. Following one year of language study at an overseas university or language education insti- tution, employees taking advantage of this system undergo approximately one year of practical training under the guidance of an expatriate stationed at an overseas branch or trading subsidi- ary. This system therefore functions as a program that offers language study opportunities as well as enables partic- ipants to experience local customs and cultures, while helping to vitalize career development and the practice of job rotation.
We have made progress on a plan
initiated in 2012 to have all employees be sent to an overseas site by their sev- enth year with the company. During fiscal 2013, we increased the number of assignments to France in particular taking into consideration our joint venture with major French trading company CFAO.
People dispatched overseas for foreign language study and their study locations
(FY)

Category	2010	2011	2012	2013
Argentina	1	0	1	0
Egypt	1	0	0	0
Mexico	1	1	0	0
China	1	1	2	2
Russia	0	1	0	1
Brazil	0	1	1	1
France	0	0	1	3
Total	4	4	5	7
 



Training system chart (extract)























３７
 
We are promoting the cultivation of human resources overseas.
In recent years, our overseas business ratio has increased, and the need has grown to share our Corporate Philoso- phy, values and objectives globally. Accordingly, Toyota Tsusho Corporation is stepping up its efforts to train person- nel hired locally in the Toyota Tsusho Group Way and Global 2020 Vision.
In implementing our training pro- grams, we prepare global contents in English and Chinese and have human resources trainers administer the con- tents at overseas subsidiaries.
We also strive to develop managerial employees at overseas subsidiaries. We have made the personnel systems at our primary subsidiaries consistent, and pro- vided training programs for managers and the Innovation Leader Incubation Institute at overseas sites. In addition, to encourage the development of global managers, as mentioned above, GALP and the LDP (see right column on p. 36) are held so that staff at head offices and overseas subsidiaries can learn together, impartially, and engage in debate.
Besides these programs, we provide
Toyotsu Orientation Program (TOP) and


Global Parts & Logistics Division initiatives
We are cultivating managers at our overseas parts logistics centers
The Global Parts & Logistics Division utilizes a Kaizen Trainer development program to cultivate managerial candi- dates for its overseas parts logistics centers.
The program consists of a 10-day training session in Japan and a five-day overseas session, after which participants are certified as “Kaizen Trainers.” During the Japan session, trainees receive classroom training based on the Toyota Production System (TPS) as well as on-site train- ing at a Toyota Motor parts supply warehouse and the Toyotsu Logistics Service center in Miyoshi. During the overseas training, trainees utilize the Japanese training sessions to make kaizen proposals to executives of the local companies.
In fiscal 2013, the program trained seven employees from Asia and Pacif- ic subsidiaries, and four employees from Chinese subsidiaries. In fiscal 2014, the division plans to train anoth- er 11 local employees from the Ameri- cas and Europe.
 
invite employees of overseas subsidiaries to Japan during fixed periods for training purpose.


Basic stance

 
We strive to ensure respect for human rights, based on our Behavioral Guidelines.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation’s Behavioral Guidelines state that we will “respect people, and create an active workplace worth working in.”
In keeping with this principal, we pro- hibit discrimination on the basis of gender, age, nationality or disability and encourage respect for human rights.

Consultation office

 
We have set up a consultation contact point to deal with harassment.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has set up a contact point for consultation on and reporting of sexual harassment, power harassment, discriminatory language, and other human rights matters. Investi- gations are launched if necessary after consultation or reporting has been made, and, when required, the person who filed is notified regarding the results. The consultation desk is open to em- ployees of all group companies, regard- less of the form of their employment.
In fiscal 2013, there were no cases
reported. We will continue to explain the system during new-employee training and newly appointed manager training in order to ensure thorough awareness.

Training and awareness activities

 
We conduct training and other initiatives to boost employees’ human rights awareness.
We conduct training activities, centered on the Human Resources Department. Nearly all Toyota Tsusho employees take the harassment training.
In addition, the same training is con- ducted at affiliated companies.

Fair hiring

 
Personnel in charge of hiring undergo human rights training and recruit in an unbiased manner.
To prevent discrimination and prejudice in our recruiting, those in charge of hiring are required to undergo training in human rights. Toyota Tsusho Corpora-
 
tion’s hiring activities avoid discrimination based on gender, age, nationality or disability, and instead focus on fairly determining whether an individual’s abili- ties, skills, motivation and aptitude are consistent with the position Toyota Tsusho seeks to fill.
In fiscal 2013, two human resources personnel took part in both the Tokyo Labor Bureau’s employer seminar and the Toyota Group’s human rights aware- ness meeting as a part of our efforts to prevent employment discrimination.


Basic stance

 
We have in place a variety of systems to meet our goal of being an organization that empowers many people with different abilities.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has established the Diversity Promotion Office, which spearheads our effort to create a workplace that welcomes diversity, under the concept of “es- tablishing an organization that allows everybody to fully utilize their capabil- ities without discrimination on the basis of gender or age and to create new value.”
Our approach includes expanding our systems to support a work-life balance, provide training for female employees to develop their careers, promote the em- ployment of people with disabilities, rehire retired workers, and promote diversity in a host of other ways.

Encouraging female employees

 
Our practical career training for administrative staff has been renewed.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has a number of initiatives in place to pro- mote increased roles for female em- ployees.
In fiscal 2013, we enhanced the con- tents of the TRY1 Women’s Program for female employees aiming to advance their careers in the administrative field. As part of the enhanced curriculum, we invited two female managers of other companies to give presentations to train- ees. We also encourage female employ- ees to participate in the Chubu Diversity Net* seminar for participants from vari- ous industries, which is held once or twice annually.
In addition, we take measures to
support the career continuity of female
 

３８
 
Human resource initiatives

 

employees. For example, a human resources coordinator will arrange talks between a female employee who has
 

Indicates the number of people who take childcare leave.

 
 

our company intranet to promote our employees’ work-life balance.
 
taken childcare leave and her superiors one month prior to that employee returning to work, to make possible a smooth return. (Such talks are also arranged for male employees returning from childcare leave.)
*A volunteer organization established by companies in Japan’s Chubu (central) region to encourage corporate cultures that recognize and respect diversity among human resources by sharing information and initiatives. Toyota Tsusho is one of the main participating companies.
 
0	10	20









 
30	40
 
50 (persons)
 
Employing people with disabilities

 
We aim to provide a workplace where able-bodied people and people with disabilities can work together in a pleasant environment.
We strive to make our facilities barrier-free, for example by installing elevators and toilets for the use of the physically chal- lenged and placing Braille instructions in passageways and other locations. We
 
Ratio of female employees with children
 
 
have also established the Toyotsu Office Service Corporation as a special subsidi-
 








TRY-1 Women’s Program

Work-life balance
We have systems in place to help
 
15	(%)
 
ary* under the Disabled People Employ- ment Promotion Act, to encourage the hiring of people with disabilities. In fiscal 2012, we began allowing employees with visual disabilities to use seeing-eye dogs at work sites.
Additionally, we have established in-house massage facilities that we call the “Health Keeper System” , which hires sight-impaired nationally certified Amma
 
employees balance work and life. Toyota Tsusho Corporation is promoting a variety of systems to help employees balance work and outside life, such as childcare leave and a system of reduced working hours.
We also hold family participation events such as “Welcome to Toyota Tsusho,” as well as others that support the efforts of employees who are raising children. These
 
Opinion of a user of the work-life balance system
I’d like the company to create a work environment where men can also easily use the welfare systems
I took a year of childcare leave to give birth in July 2011 and raise my first child. I returned to work in May 2012 and after assignments in different departments, I continue to work through the reduced work- ing hour system.
I feel that adequate systems have been established for employees. In the future, so as to ensure a feeling of equality in the workplace, I’ d
 
sorts of activities are regularly posted on
Number of employees by gender*
 
like the company to create an environment in which men can also easily take childcare leave and encourage male employees to utilize the system.
 
Yumiko Kawasaki
Food & Agribusiness Development Department, Food & Agribusiness Division
 


Overview of systems to help achieve a work–life balance by supporting childbirth and child care

 
 

 

 
 

 


 
0	10	20
Female employees	Male employees   Ratio of female employees
 

(%)
 
*Including Toyota Tsusho employees dispatched to other companies

Welcome to Toyota Tsusho


３９
 
massage practitioners. This provides workplaces for people with disabilities while enhancing our welfare offerings.
*A subsidiary that, subject to certain require- ments, is considered jointly as a single operating location for the purposes of calculating the parent company’s percentage of employees with disabilities.

Rehiring retired workers
We offer systems that meet diverse needs.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has set 60 as its mandatory retirement age. However, in fiscal 2006 we set up a system for rehiring former employees who wish to work after retirement. Under this system, employees who wish to be rehired take a one-month vacation prior to being rehired. Our system for rehiring retired workers is flexible and meets diverse requests such as reduced working hours.
In fiscal 2013, we revised the com- pensation structure and a part of the evaluation methods to enhance the com- pensation system and reward an increasingly diverse group of rehired em- ployees based on their responsibilities
 
Divisional Labor-Management meeting were held to encourage sharing of opin- ions between division executives and younger employees.
*Employees of section chief grade or higher, as well as employees with line chief experience, do not qualify for union membership.
Main topics discussed at the Personnel System Evaluation Committee in FY2013:

 
•	Revision of bonus calculation method (continued from previous year)
•	Evaluation and compensation methods for rehired retired employees

We held corporate-type defined contribution pension seminars jointly with the labor union.
In fiscal 2013, we held joint seminars with the labor union on the company’s matching system for defined contribu- tion pensions (company DC) to raise awareness of the schemes. We are actively backing the schemes as a new type of benefit to support employees’ life-planning.
To cooperate with and support the labor union, Toyota Tsusho Corporation also subsidized the cost of the union’s
 
Time management

 
We work to prevent health damage caused by long working hours.
To prevent employees from damaging their health due to long working hours, Toyota Tsusho Corporation has introduced a work monitoring system to ascertain the work- ing hours of all employees.
In fiscal 2014, we upgraded our work monitoring system to ensure compliance with the Labor Standards Act on over- time and holiday work. This upgrade separates working hours from non-work- ing hours to provide us with a more accurate assessment of actual working conditions.
We have achieved steady progress in a program begun in fiscal 2010 to encour- age the utilization of paid leaves. In fiscal 2013, the percentage of paid leaves taken rose to 51%. We will continue this cam- paign in the future to enhance work envi- ronments by ensuring employees can easily take paid leaves.
Trends in taking of paid holidays
 
 
and work duties.
Record of rehiring retired workers
 
0	5	10	15	20 (persons)
 
annual year-end seasonal party.
 
0

2009

2010

2011
 
30	40
 
50	（%）
 
2009

2010

2011

2012

2013
(FY)


Building good relations based on dialogue
 
We discussed the personnel system with employees primarily through the Personnel System Evaluation Committee.
A total of 2,569 Toyota Tsusho Corpo- ration associates belong to the Toyota Tsusho Labor Union. All employees in principle are union members*. Each year, labor union representatives meet with executives in charge of human relations approximately 10 times, con- vening the Personnel System Evalua- tion Committee to discuss personnel systems and other aspects of a work-life balance.
Furthermore, as in the previous year,
 

Routine health checks and mental health activities

 
We take measures to support employees’ mental health and prevent disorders.
We provide annual health examinations for all employees, annual comprehensive examinations for employees age 30 and higher, and health examinations for em- ployees prior to and following overseas assignment.
As part of our prevention mea- sures, we have assigned a mental health coordinator in each of our divi- sions in order to respond quickly to issues on-site and confer with indus- trial doctors. In addition, employees fill out “mental health checkup” sur- veys and undergo stress checks. We provide extensive health management for employees on their first overseas assignment. All employees assigned to overseas subsidiaries must take part in a mental health checkup three months following the start of the first assignment.
Our employees and their families also
have access to an outpatient consulta- tion center to consult with professionals about their personal issues.
 

2012

2013
(FY)


Bolstering overseas crisis management

 
We have established the Security Management Group to strengthen our overseas crisis management.
Following a terrorist incident in Algeria in January 2013, we established the Security Management Group within the Human Resources Department in April 2013 in order to reinforce the Toyota Tsusho Group’s overseas crisis management.
We also provide pre-assignment seminars to ensure that employees and their families understand the importance of maintaining safety and health while living overseas. The seminars have been given four times for assignees (total of 160 participants) and twice for their fami- lies (total of 82 participants). Overseas site managers have been provided with crisis management manuals to prepare for potential emergencies.
This organization is enhancing struc- tures to gather accurate information on changes in the international situation and respond rapidly when emergencies occur.
 

４０
 
 



 

 
Basic stance
We pursue initiatives on the basis of our Fundamental Philosophy.
Our initiatives are designed to fulfill the Toyota Tsusho Group’s Fundamental Philosophy. In other words, by “living and prospering together with people, society and the Earth, we aim to be a value-gen- erating corporation that contributes to the creation of a prosperous society.” To realize this philosophy, the company is actively pursuing increased management efficiency, transparency, thorough com- pliance and a sound financial position.
In addition, we consider ways to pro- mote a broader understanding of the Toyota Tsusho Group by further enhanc- ing public relations and investor relations.

Promotion structure
In a first for the company, we have elected three outside directors.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation operates under an audit & supervisory board member system comprising five members elected
 
at the general shareholders meeting. Three outside audit & supervisory board mem- bers are employed to perform audits from a third-party perspective. The audit & supervisory board members are responsi- ble for monitoring the appropriateness of accounting methods and results of audits by an independent auditor, exchanging information and ideas regarding crucial accounting topics, improving quality and efficiency in auditing by promoting cooper- ation with an independent auditing firm, as well as enhancing corporate governance.
Toyota Tsusho conducts consolidated
management through a divisional frame- work, with divisions responsible for relat- ed group companies. At present, this structure comprises eight divisions, including seven sales divisions and the Administrative Division.
Toyota Tsusho also operates an executive officer system. Dedicated executive officers are in place for each division to assist man- agement efforts of chief division officers. In this way, the Board of Directors keeps abreast of both overall company manage- ment and the execution of duties associated with the divisions under their charge, inter- mediating between the two functions.
Directors and executive officers 
 
attend meetings of the Operating Com- mittee, ensuring that information is rapid- ly disseminated and shared.
Additionally, Toyota Tsusho has established corporate management committees to enable directors and executive officers to discuss measures to resolve management issues from a com- pany-wide perspective, and consult the Board of Directors as necessary.
Moreover, in June 2014, three outside directors were newly elected. The aim of this is to reflect the extensive experience and knowledge of outside directors in our company’s decision-making while also ensuring that the execution of duties is overseen from an independently posi- tioned fair and neutral viewpoint.
We implement governance throughout the group.
In order to ensure the appropriateness of business activities, Toyota Tsusho Corpo- ration promotes group-wide policies and initiatives through a domestic affiliates gov- ernance coordination meeting (15 compa- nies participate in the Nagoya meeting; 12 companies participate in the Tokyo meet- ing) and a domestic group company credit managers management coordination staff
 

Corporate governance structure (As of April 2014)
 
meeting (23 companies participate in the Nagoya meeting; 11 companies partici- pate in the Tokyo meeting).
We also monitor and manage the finan- cial positions and important business mat- ters of group companies without obstruct- ing the companies’ business operations. When necessary, our directors and audit & supervisory board members are dispatched to group companies to oversee and audit business operations. The ERM Depart- ment also conducts internal audits of group companies.
Group companies subject to internal audit are selected based on risk assess- ments. The audit cycle is generally three to five years. In fiscal 2013, internal audits were conducted on seven divi- sions of Toyota Tsusho Corporation and 17 domestic group companies.
Issues identified through internal audits are reconfirmed through follow-up audits to ensure the progress of kaizen (continuous improvement).


 
ronment, labor and personnel, social con- tribution and other topics. The ERM Department, which is responsible for com- pany-wide integrated risk management, carries out the evaluation, management, checking and monitoring of business exe- cution in business processes. Other duties of the ERM Department include ensuring the reliability of financial reporting, operat- ing internal reporting systems and taking charge of internal audits.
In fiscal 2013, there were 19 reports in Japan and 23 reports overseas of sus- pected compliance violations, but in each case the proper response was made through discussions between the respective department and the Adminis- trative Division.
We have established internal and external reporting lines.
All employees, including temporary staff members and contract employees, have access to internal (ERM Department) and external (law offices) reporting lines for reporting and consultation on items con- cerning business ethics. We use our intranet and compliance training sessions to make employees aware of these lines.
 
In accordance with the Whistleblower Protection Act, we take sufficient care to protect persons who file such reports. The names of filers and other details are kept strictly confidential, and we prohibit any disadvantage accruing to filers in terms of position, rank, compensation or others. Moreover, the ERM Department general manager provides feedback on progress after a filing has been made.
Four reports or consultations were filed in fiscal 2013, and all were deal with appropriately.
We pursue initiatives to eliminate illegal entities.
Our Nagoya and Tokyo head offices and our Osaka branch are members of local countermeasures associations, through which we follow instructions from police authorities and share information about anti-social forces.
Furthermore, we respond to any unlawful demands via collaboration with the police, other relevant institutions and legal counsel.

Compliance training

 
 
Internal controls	We conduct training and hold
 

 
We have established a CSR committee that is chaired by the president & CEO.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation implements a variety of measures to ensure that exec- utives and employees carry out their duties in accordance with laws and regu- lations and the Articles of Incorporation.
We have established the CSR commit- tee, chaired by the president & CEO, which deliberates and formulates plans related to compliance, safety and the envi-
 
Reports made through internal reporting system
0	5	10	15

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013
(FY)
 



(persons)
 
seminars for group companies in Japan and overseas.
We have published Code of Ethics Guidelines (first published in fiscal 1998) which is distributed to all employees and officers of Toyota Tsusho Corporation and domestic group companies (port- able versions are also distributed). In fiscal 2013, the guide was updated to incorporate the Toyota Tsusho Supply Chain CSR Behavioral Guidelines and the Toyota Tsusho Group Basic Policy for Business Continuity. We also utilize DVD
 

Principal compliance training conducted (FY2013)

	Target	Content	Activities in FY2013
Legal seminars for officers	Toyota Tsusho Corporation officers	General compliance	36 people
Compliance seminar for new employees	New employees of Toyota Tsusho Corporation	General compliance	113 people

Training on specific themes	
Toyota Tsusho Corporation employees	Subcontract Law, handling third-country monetary payments, the basics of intellectual property rights, etc.	
672 people
e-Learning	Toyota Tsusho Corporation employees	Subcontract Law	3,853 people
Seminar for people in charge of human resources at affiliated companies in Japan	People in charge of human resources at principal group companies in Japan	•	Responding to personnel issues
•	Response to the Labor Standards Act
•	Application of Off-JT	
136 people (total of 3 times)
Legal seminars conducted during trips to domestic branches	Domestic branch employees	Subcontract Law	128 people
Training for newly appointed officers of domestic group companies	New directors of principal group companies in Japan	General compliance	42 people in 25 companies
Risk management training prior to overseas assignments	Employees being assigned overseas	Internal controls, improper behavior prevention	102 people
Officer study meetings	Toyota Tsusho Corporation officers	Regarding compliance implementation	36 people
 
Governance

 

materials, training events, and seminars to promote more detailed behavior guidelines that employees should follow during their daily business activities.
In fiscal 2013, we provided discus- sion-style training for overseas expatri- ates prior to their assignments in order to raise compliance awareness. Further- more, during study sessions for officers, compliance was used as a theme for group discussions.

CSR management for the supply chain
We have established the Toyota Tsusho Supply Chain CSR Behavioral Guidelines and are requesting that suppliers comply with them.
The Toyota Tsusho Group is building a
 

diverse global value chain and procuring materials and goods from countries around the world. Forced labor and child labor are concerns in some of those countries, so we believe it necessary to promote CSR management across the supply chain in conducting our business. We have established the Toyota Tsusho Supply Chain CSR Behavioral Guidelines in order to achieve mutual sustainable growth with our suppliers by sharing an awareness of CSR and promoting coordi- nated CSR efforts. We request that our suppliers adhere to these guidelines. The guidelines have been published on the group intranet to promote awareness
among all group employees.
In fiscal 2013, we dedicated a special feature page in the employee magazine for CSR topics to stimulate interest
 

among employees.
Through these initiatives, we will strengthen and promote CSR manage- ment across the supply chain.

Toyota Tsusho Supply Chain CSR Behavioral Guidelines

 
•	Respect the human rights of employees and refrain from inhumane treatment of others.
•	Prohibit forced labor, child labor, and insufficiently compensated labor.
•	Strive to furnish a safe, hygienic, and healthy work environment.
•	Refrain from discrimination in hiring.
•	Comply with all related laws and internation- al rules, conduct fair trading and thoroughly prevent corruption.
•	Ensure the quality and safety of goods and services.
•	Strive to maintain a sound global environ- ment.
•	Promptly and appropriately disclose information concerning the above. (Enacted April 1, 2012)
 

 

 
Metal Division initiatives

We request suppliers to certify that they do not use conflict minerals.
 
 
Risk management
 
The Metals Division has adopted a policy of not using conflict minerals (tin, tanta- lum, tungsten, and gold) produced in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or surrounding regions. This policy was intro- duced from a humanitarian viewpoint to prevent human rights violations and envi- ronmental destruction in conflict regions.
The division’s policy is in accordance with U.S. conflict minerals regulations*1 that took effect in fiscal 2013. Under the policy, the Nonferrous Metals Department No. 2, on behalf of the company and its customers, requests tin metals suppliers to certify that conflict minerals are not used at its refineries. The department also requests that business sites participate in the Conflict-Free Smelter (CFS)*2 program championed by the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC)*3.
 
*1 Under U.S. financial system reform laws (Dodd-Frank Act) enacted in 2010, companies are required to report the source and usage of four types of conflict minerals used in electronic components to the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC). The purpose is to eliminate the source of funding to armed group involved in civil wars in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where conflicts have continued since 1996.
*2 A voluntary initiative for refineries and refining companies in which third parties audit the sources of raw materials and confirm that the materials are not sourced from conflict regions.
*3 An action group comprising electronic machinery manufacturers. The coalition sets standards for safe working environments, respect for workers’ fundamental human rights, and environmental impact responsibili- ty for the industry’s supply chain.
 

 
We are promoting appropriate ascertainment and management according to the nature of risks.
The ERM Department appropriately manages all types of risk information for the Toyota Tsusho Group. The depart- ment establishes and strengthens risk management systems on a consolidated basis. We operate an ERM Committee chaired by the president & CEO. This committee strives to monitor risks across the group and identify problems while promoting necessary countermeasures.
Risks that require a response by the entire group are categorized as “risks requiring serious response.” The quarterly ERM Conference discusses detailed countermeasures for this type of risk. Addi- tionally, we hold monthly ERM coordination meetings to share information and plan countermeasures for risks unique to certain products or sales activities.
 
Consumer Products & Services Division initiatives

We are strengthening management of our supply chain to eliminate forced labor and child labor in the apparel business.
 
In fiscal 2013, we strove to strength-
en governance at group companies and identified 11 risks requiring serious response. We utilized regular reporting at the ERM Conference to manage prog-
 
The Consumer Products & Services Division’s apparel business procures goods from garment factories and other facilities making up its supply chain, and there is a risk that such facilities rely on forced or child labor. Our customers and society as a whole are demanding the elimination of the use of such labor. Toyota Tsusho recognizes this as an important CSR issue and is striv- ing to strengthen its countermeasures.
At garment factories in which we have
 
a capital stake, we confirm the ages of job applicants by requesting personal identifi- cation. Additionally, prior to beginning business relations with new suppliers, we demand that the suppliers confirm the ages of their employees so as to eliminate forced and child labor.
At the present time, we have not received any reports on forced labor or child labor within our supply chain.
 
ress in these initiatives.
With regard to credit risk and product risk, which were newly added to the risks requiring serious response, we reformed the management structure to better cope with these risks.
Regarding country risks, we actively gather external information and catego- rize countries with potentially dangerous environments as “special caution coun- tries” or “countries of concern,” and cre-
 
ated a framework for sharing a common approach and taking coordinated countermeasures among group compa- nies before risks materialize.

Fiscal 2013 Risks Requiring Serious Response
(*indicates risks added in fiscal 2013)
•	Resource allocation risk
•	Business investment risk
•	Credit risk*
•	Product risk*
•	Country risk
•	Contract risks
•	Legal compliance / law and regulation response risk
•	Employee improper behavior risk
•	Labor risk
•	Information security risk
•	Disaster risk

Information security
We revised rules on the management of confidential information and strove to instill the new rules among employees.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation has drafted “Document Regulations” and “Handling Protocols for Management and Storage of Documents” to support information storage and management, as well as “Regulations for Confidential Information and Personal Information” to thoroughly manage confidential information. We conduct various training programs to improve employee awareness of infor- mation security.
We are taking initiatives to improve the level of information security through- out the group and to implement detailed measures. As one measure, we have established consultation offices to pro- vide guidance on information security to domestic and overseas sites.
In fiscal 2013, we revised the “Regu- lations for Confidential Information and Personal Information” and strove to instill the new rules throughout the group. At domestic group companies, explana- tions of the revisions were provided in accordance with their business circum- stances in order to promote related rule revisions at these domestic companies. Additionally, an “Information Security Fundamental Knowledge Checklist” was created and distributed to Toyota Tsusho Corporation and group company em- ployees in order to raise the level of infor- mation security worldwide. We also held training sessions for officers and general managers to enable them to deal with targeted attack emails, which are caus- ing increased damages at companies.
In fiscal 2014, we plan to support
enhanced implementation of the revised “Regulations for Confidential Information and Personal Information” by holding
 
explanatory meetings at overseas group companies to promote their rule revi- sions. We will also continue training em- ployees to cope with targeted attack emails by providing DVD-based training to group employees in and outside Japan.



Website

 
The website was completely redesigned to provide improved access for smartphone and tablet users.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation’s website provides substantial information, includ- ing basic corporate information and information on business activities, financ- es and employment opportunities. The website includes contact information for stakeholders to request materials or make inquiries. In this way, we encour- age two-way communication with vari- ous stakeholders.
In December 2013, we completely redesigned the website. The design of the feature and topics pages has been optimized for access by smartphone and tablet users.
Moving forward, we will continue striving to disseminate easy-to-under- stand information as we strengthen communication with our stakeholders.

 

 
New website designed for smartphone and tablet users
 
IR activities

 
We are increasing opportunities for direct dialogues with our investors.
Toyota Tsusho Corporation promotes disclosure and dialogue by holding finan- cial results briefings as well as individual meetings with institutional shareholders, including those located overseas.
We aimed to increase opportunities for direct dialogue with investors in fiscal 2013, and in addition to holding more than 200 private meetings with investors, we also held small group meetings when necessary.
To serve overseas investors, we actively participated in international con- ferences held in Japan and responded to requests for teleconferences. In Japan, we held briefings in Tokyo, Nagoya, and other major cities to promote a better understanding of our business among private investors. We plan to hold similar briefings in smaller cities in the future.
In addition, videos of the financial results briefings have been posted online in Japanese and in English, with two of the four annual briefings taking the form of teleconferences.
In the future, we will continue to make engagement with investors a priority. Investors’ opinions will continue to be pro- vided immediately to our executives to help us in forming management policies.

General Meeting of Shareholders

 
We avoid holding our General Meeting of Shareholders on days when there is a large concentration of other shareholder meetings.
To allow as many shareholders as possible to attend our General Meeting of Share- holders, we avoid holding this meeting on days when there is a large concentration of other shareholder meetings. For share- holders and other stakeholders who are unable to attend the meeting, we provide on-demand viewing through our website following the meeting.
We send out our shareholder meeting convocation notice three weeks prior to the meeting to facilitate the exercise of voting rights by shareholders. We also participate in platforms for the exercise of voting rights to enable institutional investors in and outside Japan to smoothly exercise their rights.
Additionally, from fiscal 2011, we began posting notes appended to finan- cial statements on our website to con- serve paper.
 
 

Basic Policy for Social Contribution Activities
As a good corporate citizen, Toyota Tsusho Corporation aims to “live and prosper together with people, society and the Earth," and to con- tribute to the creation of a prosperous society.

 
Promotion of Activities
Toyota Tsusho positions people (education), the Earth (environment) and society (welfare) as key themes in light of its Corporate Philoso- phy, and vigorously promotes social contribution activities around the world to help realize a more prosperous society.
In terms of specific activities, we select and implement substantive and effective programs that strike a balance among the following three approaches of “by company,” “by officer and employee” and “by busi- ness activity.” Toyota Tsusho also encourages officers and employees, supporting their participation in these activities, while the company as a whole voluntarily participates in activities in an autonomous manner aimed at realizing the creation of a prosperous society and at fulfilling our social responsibilities.
 









Three key themes
 




 

 
We believe that the preservation of the Earth’s environment is essential to cre- ating prosperous communities. Based on this principle, we are contributing to the realization of a low-carbon and recycling-oriented society through our business activities, while striving to maintain and preserve biodiversity and ecosystems through social contribution activities.
Volunteers help protect saplings on Mt. Fuji
Since 2008, Toyota Tsusho has partici- pated in the Mt. Fuji Reforestation Proj- ect, an environmental conservation proj- ect organized by OISCA International. The project aims to rejuvenate Mt. Fuji’s forests by planting beech, Mongolian oak, maple and other trees throughout 100ha of prefectural forest around the third stage of Mt. Fuji (Narusawa, Yamanashi Prefecture), where forest has been lost to disease and pests.
In fiscal 2013, about 70 employee volunteers and their family members joined in activities to protect the newly
 
planted saplings. While learning about Mt. Fuji’s flora, volunteers and their chil- dren also took part in an environmental education program on dyeing handker- chiefs with plant dyes.

 
70 employees and family members gather at the base of Mt. Fuji

We participated in the Fujimae Tidal Flat cleanup campaign.
We participated in the Fujimae Tidal Flat cleanup campaign organized by the NPO Fujimae wo Mamorukai. The Fuji- mae T idal Flat (area of 323ha) is well-known as one of Japan’s largest migratory bird areas. The tidal flat was registered under the Ramsar Convention in November 2002 as an important inter- national wetlands.
In fiscal 2013, the first year of our participation in the campaign, about 20
 
employees took part in both the spring and autumn events, helping to pick up PET bottles, empty cans, plastic bags and other oil-based products washed ashore.

 
Volunteers carefully clean up plastics and broken glass

We support a public hygiene project in Kenya.
Toyota Tsusho East Africa Ltd. and Toyota Kenya Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Toyota Tsusho, partnered with Organic Solutions Japan Ltd. (OSJ) to supply Kenyan elementary schools with microorganism fermentation cultures used to eliminate bad odors and sanitize wastewater. Commonly caused by unhygienic toilets and insufficient wastewater management, diarrhea is one of the three leading causes of death
 
among infants in Kenya. We are contrib- uting to children’s health in Kenya by promoting the use of culture fluids and educating people about public health.
Liquids cultured through lactic acid bacteria and yeast are used for hygiene.


 

We are involved in various education-re- lated activities including a scholarship program to provide a better educational environment for exchange students from overseas, and support to improve the educational environments in regions where there is little access to education.
We support elementary education in Myanmar through book donations to a mobile library.
Since November 2013, the Toyota Tsusho Yangon Office has been making donations to the DKK Foundation* to provide better educational opportunities to Myanmarese children living in rural areas with an under- developed educational environment.
The foundation uses the donations to purchase picture books and other children’s reading materials and support a mobile library with the donation of new books each month. This program contrib- utes to improving the educational environ- ment in Myanmar’s rural communities.
* The Daw Khin Kyl (DKK) Foundation was established in 2012 and is led by Aung San Suu Kyi. The foundation engages in a wide range of social welfare projects, from school and hospital construction to infrastructure development.

 
Excited children enjoy the mobile library

Children from a local community experienced the workplace.
Toyota Metal Corporation invited six fam- ilies to tour its automobile recycling plant as part of the Kids Workshop Festival, a publicly advertised workplace experience organized by the Handa municipal gov-
 
ernment in Aichi Prefecture.
Children experienced the operations of an end-of-life vehicle recycling plant, where automobiles are dismantled and turned into metal scrap. Through the experience, parents and children learned the important role of automobiles and metal recycling in the domestic recycling of resources.

 
Children gain a rare opportunity to study the structure of airbags.

We support African students’ school enrollment through scholarship programs.
Only 5% of high school students in Sub-Sahara Africa enroll in universities. This has become a serious social issue for the entire continent.
In 2001, CFAO introduced a scholar- ship program for children of its employees in Africa. In fiscal 2013, 628 students used the program to enroll in universities.
The company also offers a schol- arship program to support younger students who want to further their education in such practical fields as business management and account- ing. In fiscal 2013, 140 students utilized this program.

 
A scholarship ceremony in Ivory Coast is attended by the presidents and CEOs of Toyota Tsusho and CFAO.



We are supporting various welfare pro- grams around the world, including pro- grams for people with disabilities, pover- ty countermeasures in developing coun- tries, and efforts to improve diets.
We support learning environments and student autonomy in Colombia.
Toyota Tsusho de Colombia partners with The Children of the Andes Founda- tion* to support children who have lost
 
homes and families due to conflicts and suffer from poverty.
In fiscal 2013, we donated school bags, study tools and other educational materials to these children. Company employees also visited with the children to deepen the exchange.
Many of the children live in deprived environments and have even lost the opportunity to study their native dialect. By promoting their learning environ- ments, we aim to support the indepen- dence of as many children as possible as they grow and bear responsibility for their country’s future.
*A non-profit organization promoting children’s living environments and autonomy

Employee volunteers and children join for a commemorative photo.

Our company cafeterias introduced a program to provide food to developing countries.
Since 2008, Toyota Tsusho has been participating in the Table For Two (TFT) program organized by NPO Table For Two International.
In this program, for each healthy meal employees order from a designat- ed menu, ¥20 is donated through TFT to subsidize the cost of one meal in a developing country. The program pro- motes employees’ diets by encourag- ing employees to eat nutritious meals, while ensuring the provision of food at schools in developing countries. In this way, we are helping to eliminate imbal- ances in global food supplies.
Through 2013, we had donated a total of 111,127 meals to children in developing countries.

Table For Two vending machines are located on each floor of the Head Office.

We are striving to prevent diabetes in Africa.
In recent years, the number of diabetes
 
Social contribution activities

 

patients in African and other emerging markets has been rising in tandem with economic development.
CFAO has undertaken a variety of initiatives at its sites to solve the problem of diabetes in Africa. In 2013, CFAO pro- moted initiatives throughout the compa- ny by launching a comprehensive pro- gram in collaboration with NGO Santé Diabète.
As part of the program, both CFAO and Santé Diabète have focused on distributing educational materials to company officers and employees.
Diabetes treatment is provided at a health clinic.



We continue to respond to the recovery needs of the disaster region through support for specially designated guid- ance classrooms and study halls for chil- dren living in temporary housing and disaster region towns, as well as volun- teer work with the Disaster Area Recov- ery Support by Toyota Group.
We host bazaars to support the recovery of disaster regions and the independence of people with disabilities.
Since 2012, Toyota Tsusho has support- ed the Minna DE Kaouya project aimed at promoting the recovery of the disaster region and the independence of people with disabilities.
The project organizer sellsgoods and food products made at vocational aid centers in areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake at cooperating companies and events throughout Japan. Each year, Toyota Tsusho sets up sales areas in employee cafeterias and sells goods with the help of employee volunteers.
About 200 officers and employees visited the sales areas in fiscal 2013.
 

 
Employees crowd a sales area.

We held exchanges with disaster victims evacuated far from home.
Toyota Tsusho group employee volunteers participated in an exchange event with Great East Japan Earthquake evacuees living outside their home prefectures.
Sponsored by NPO Medical Network Support Center, the event provides mental health support by linking evacu- ees with friends from their own home- towns and volunteers.
In fiscal 2013, the event was held at the Tokyo Head Office of Toyota Motor Corporation and was attended by 126 evacuees housed in the Tokyo area. During the event, Fukuske Corporation donated 350 pairs of socks and Toyota Tsusho All Life Corporation donated 200 cleaning towels to participants.

 
Participants join in a chorus under the instruction of a chorus group.

We have started cotton growing to support the region’s recovery.
Group companies Toyo Cotton Co., Ltd. and Fukuske Corporation began partici- pating in the Tohoku Cotton Project in 2014. The project aims to support the region’s recovery by planting cotton in fields where rice production has become difficult due to the after-effects of the tsunami.
Toyo Cotton is leveraging its expertise in the field to offer seeds and cot- ton-growing technologies. Fukuske is assisting with commercialization of the harvested cotton.
Employees of both companies are volunteering for planting and harvesting activities.
 

 
Tohoku Cotton Project website

Volunteer activities in which employees participated

 
•	6th Wheelchair Twin Basketball Kariya Tournament
•	Service Dog Festival 2013
•	Fujimae Tidal Flat cleanup campaign
•	Mt. Fuji Reforestation Project
•	Campaign to distribute picture books
•	29th Nagoya City Handi Marathon
•	All-Toyota Big Holiday Volunteer Plaza
•	3rd Osaka Marathon
•	10th Tajimi Wine Festival
•	Exchange event with Great East Japan Earthquake evacuees living outside their home prefectures
•	Marathon Festival Nagoya-Aichi 2014
•	Great East Japan Earthquake Disaster Region Volunteers (Toyota Group initiative)
 

Third-party opinion




 











Ms. Makiko Akabane
Director of CSR Asia Japan Office

Profile
Ms. Akabane has a BA in Political Science and a BS in Biology from Waseda University and studied at graduate schools in the University of California Riverside, Tufts University and Keio University. She has over 10 years’ experience in corporate social responsibility in multisector and multinational companies. She has started up CSR sections of Starbucks Coffee Japan, salesforce.com foundation, and Nikko Asset Management.
 
Toyota Tsusho’s diverse CSR is unique in that the company equates the creation of new added-value business models designed to solve social issues with its management. This approach is clearly explained in the top message, in which President Karube states that Toyota Tsusho regards fulfilling corporate social responsibility as “the essence of man- agement” and focuses management on maximizing the value that the company creates for the greater good of society. To implement this approach, the company has defined its activities as Social Issue Resolution Model and Local Contribution Model Businesses. These businesses include solving China’s environmental problems by leveraging the company’s long-held expertise in auto recycling to launch a similar business in China. Toyota Tsusho has also developed sugarcane-based PET resins for global markets to reduce the use of fossil-fuel resources, prevent global warming, and contribute to solv- ing global environmental issues. The company pursues wind and solar power generation businesses globally to support the stable supply of power and switch to renewable energy sources. In Mauritius, Toyota Tsusho has established a social contribution-type venture fund to create jobs for young Africans, alleviate poverty and develop human resources. As such, Toyota Tsusho is combining its mission to solve global social issues with its business activities.
Regarding the Corporate Responsibility Execution Model (CSR foundation), Toyota
Tsusho is systematically implementing CSR as a social value-creating company. The company has defined a comprehensive policy for domestic safety and environmental activities and established a management-led promotion structure that has taken root internally. The company evaluates its CSR results both quantitatively and qualitatively. In terms of quantitative CSR evaluation, Toyota Tsusho assesses results in the areas of safety, the environment, human resources and governance. For qualitative evaluation, the company assesses results in the areas of compliance, risk management, and infor- mation disclosure. Toyota Tsusho also comments on the issues identified by the evalua- tions, reflecting its commitment to improving its CSR activities.
There are some aspects of the Corporate Responsibility Execution Model (CSR foun- dation) that require improvement in consideration of Toyota Tsusho’s role as a prominent global company conducting business around the world. Namely, instead of simply quan- tifying the results of activities (output), the company should also measure the effect of the activities (impact). For example, Toyota Tsusho emphasizes safety, environmental, and human resources training, and significant investments are being made in domestic training programs. The effects, however, are measured only in terms of the number of participants, and it is difficult for external stakeholders to understand the actual effect of the training. The company could expand its analysis by explaining what percentage of employees receive training, the results of the training, and how exactly the training pro- grams led to improvements in safety and environmental performance.
Another area for improvement is an explanation of the CSR structure and activities at overseas sites. This report lacks a detailed explanation of the systems used to imple- ment CSR activities outside Japan, the actual activities, and their results. Since the CSR Report is also published in English, many non-Japanese stakeholders can be expected to have an interest in activities outside Japan. I would recommend that Toyota Tsusho explain more about overseas CSR activities in the future. Outside Japan, there are many types of activities that cannot be implemented exactly as they are in Japan. Active engagement with stakeholders outside Japan will enable Toyota Tsusho to develop a better understanding of their needs and expectations of the company.
 
 






































Subsidiaries and affiliates by segment (as of March 2014)

	Japan	Asia and Oceania	North America	Europe	Other areas	Total
Metals Division	20	48	14	8	8	98
Global Production Parts & Logistics Division*	9	38	14	4	5	70
Automotive Division	4	87	0	40	116	247
Machinery, Energy & Project Division	51	54	81	29	6	221
Chemical & Electronics Division	22	70	10	32	36	170
Food & Agribusiness Division	16	14	4	2	2	38
Consumer Products & Services Division	21	22	2	0	2	47
Administrative Division and local subsidiaries	4	21	16	14	9	64
Total	147	354	141	129	184	955



Segment sales	Regional sales

 
Food & Agribusiness
 
Consumer Products & Services
 
Europe	
 
 	Other areas
 
 	 

* Effective April 1, 2014, the Global Production Parts & Logistics Division changed its name to Global Parts & Logistics Division.
 
 

 
Net sales
(¥ billion)
10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000
 
Operating income
(¥ billion)
200


150


100
 

2,000

0
 




2009
 




2010
 




2011
 




2012
 



2013
 






(FY)
 

50


0
2009
 




2010
 




2011
 




2012
 



2013
 






(FY)
 


 

Net income
(¥ billion)

100

80

60

40

200
 

Number of employees
(persons)

60,000



40,000



20,000
 


       Non-consolidated
 


Consolidated
 

 
0
2009	2010	2011
 

2012
 

2013
 

(FY)
 
0
2009	2010	2011
 

2012
 

2013
 

(FY)
 

























       
Century Toyota Bldg. 9-8, Meieki 4-chome, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya 450-8575, Japan www.toyota-tsusho.com/english/






























