           


































Sustainability Data Book 2016
 
           




S u s t a i n a b i l i t y	D a t a	B o o k	2 0 1 6

 
Sustainability Data Book (Former Sustainability Report) focuses on reporting the yearly activities of Toyota such as Toyota CSR
management and individual initiatives. Information on CSR initiatives is divided into chapters, including Society, Environment, Social Contribution Activities and Governance.
We have also made available “Environmental Report 2016 – Toward Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 (in PDF format),” and
 
“Toyota’s Social Contribution Activities (in PDF format),” excerpted from the Sustainability Data Book 2016.
From this year Toyota also issues the “Annual Report: Sustainable Management Report 2016.” It informs the stakeholders of how Toyota contributes to the sustainable development of society and the earth through our businesses based on mid- and long-term perspectives.
 

 



Securities Reports
http://www.toyota.co.jp/jpn/ investors/library/negotiable/
 
Annual Report Sustainable Management Report 2016
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/ar-smr/


Sustainability Data Book 2016
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/report/sr/
 
SEC Fillings
http://www.toyota-global.com/investors/ir_library/sec/

Financial Results
http://www.toyota-global.com/ investors/financial_result/

Corporate Governance Reports (Updated as needed)
http://www.toyota-global.com/investors/ir_library/cg/
 

Environment
Environmental Report 2016
–Toward Toyota
Environmental Challenge 2050
http://www.toyota-global.com/ sustainability/report/er/
 

Social Contribution
Toyota’s Social Contribution Activities
http://www.toyota-global.com/ sustainability/report/citizenship/
 

* The Toyota Official Website lists our initiatives not included in the above annual report. Sustainability	http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/
Environment	http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/environment/ Social Contribution Activities http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/social_contribution/

About the Icons on Environmental Initiatives and Social Contribution Activities
 
Fiscal Year 2015 (April 2015 to March 2016)
Some of the initiatives in Fiscal Year 2016 are also included


Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC)’s own initiatives and examples of those of its domestic and overseas consolidated afﬁliates, etc.


Reports are being issued in a total of 16 countries and regions (including Japan) in which Toyota overseas consolidated afﬁliates and other companies operate.
The information disclosed globally by these reports will cover about 88 percent of Toyota vehicles sold worldwide.
 

 
Icons used in graphs
  Denotes data conﬁrmed through third-party assurance   Denotes data for TMC only (unconsolidated)
  Denotes global data
Icons used in focus
Focus
  Denotes activities in Japan
Focus
Denotes activities outside Japan
 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Argentina	Australia	Brazil	China	Europe	India	Indonesia

                 
 
Malaysia
* Issued in the UMW Holding Report
 
New Zealand
 
North America	South Africa	The Philippines	Taiwan (Kuozui)	Taiwan (Hotai)	Thailand	Vietnam
 
           







Editorial Policy	001
Table of Contents	002
Corporate Principles	003
CSR Structure	007
Society	009
Initiatives for Improving Traffic Safety	010
Customer First and Quality First Measures	016
Creating an Affluent Society	021
Respect for Human Rights	032
Collaboration with Business Partners	037
Employees	046
Stakeholder Engagement	061
Environmental Initiatives	063
 


Table of Contents
 
Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	064
Challenge 2 Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	073
Challenge 3 Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	077
Challenge 4 Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage	080
Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems  082
Challenge 6  Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature	088
Environmental Management	095
Appendix	104
 
Social Contribution Activities	105
Great East Japan Earthquake Recovery Support Project	109
Environment	111
Traffic Safety	117
Education	125
Social and Culture	129
Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities	135
Cultural and Exhibit Facilities	138
Foundation	140
Governance	142
Corporate Governance	142
Risk Management	145
Compliance	150
CSR Achievement Data	152
ISO 26000 Comparison	154
 
           




Corporate Principles
Corporate Principles

 
Toyota strives to be a good corporate citizen trusted by all stakeholders and to contribute to the creation of an afﬂuent society through all its business operations.
 
We would like to introduce the Corporate Principles which form the basis of our initiatives, values that enable the execution, and our mindset.
 

 

Guiding Principles at Toyota
Since its foundation to the present day, Toyota has handed down the “Five Main Principles of Toyoda” which embody the thinking of the founder of the Toyota Group, Sakichi Toyoda, and are the basis of the corporate management philosophy. These precepts went on to be revised and organized into the Guiding Principles at Toyota
in 1992 in response to changes in society and business structure. The Guiding Principles clarify how Toyota is expected to be and indicates ways that it should make progress with ﬁrm conviction during times of change.
Toyota places high priority on contributing to the development of a sustainable society and the earth through all its business operations.


 
Practice of the Guiding Principles at Toyota
In March 2011, Toyota adopted “Toyota Global Vision,” which is based on the Guiding Principles at Toyota. In order to achieve this vision, a medium- to long-term management plan is drafted and Toyota works toward achieving the goals speciﬁed in the plan.
The Toyota Way 2001 and The Toyota Code of Conduct serve as an important guideline for the implementation of daily
 


business operations. The Toyota Way 2001 clariﬁes the values and business methods that all Toyota employees around the world
should embrace, and the Toyota Code of Conduct details the basic attitudes and mindset necessary for people to adhere to rules and act in good faith in their work at the company and private life in society.
 

c[ pG_0u2iding Principles at Toyota ]
Toyota adopted the Guiding Principles at Toyota in January 1992 (revised in April 1997) based on the recognition that strong policies are important for ﬁnding the way to proceed, especially when the environment surrounding us is drastically changing.

 
           




Corporate Principles

The Five Main Principles of Toyoda
The Five Main Principles of Toyoda have been at the core of Toyota’s management from its foundation to the present day. The principles are a statement of the ideas of Sakichi Toyoda, the founder of the Toyota Group, and serve as the basis of the Guiding Principles at Toyota. The principles were not originally in a ﬁxed form, but as of the size of afﬁliated companies increased, it became necessary to codify the principles to ensure that all employees were thoroughly familiar with them. Risaburo Toyoda and Kiichiro Toyoda, who were present during the founding period of Toyota, formulated the Five Main Principles of Toyoda as the legacy of Sakichi for dissemination to the world. The principles were introduced on October 30, 1935, the sixth anniversary of Sakichi’s death.


 
cCpS_0R3Policy
Toyota’s CSR policy was an interpretation of the Guiding Principles at Toyota with a focus on relationships with stakeholders (established in January, 2005, revised in August, 2008). Toyota aims to become a company that is admired and trusted by society through ensuring that all employees recognize and act on our CSR Policy. We also share this policy with our consolidated subsidiaries,
 


make a point of putting it into practice together, and expect our business partners to embrace its spirit and act in accordance with it as well. In addition, we participated in the formulation of and observe the standards outlined in the Charter of Corporate
Behavior of the Nippon Keidanren (Japan Business Foundation), an alliance of leading Japanese corporations.
 


 

 	CSR Policy: Contribution towards Sustainable Development Full Text		http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/csr/csr/ 
 
           




Corporate Principles


 
The Toyota Global Vision -announced in March 2011- reﬂects lessons learned from ﬁnancial losses as a result of the global economic crisis of 2008 and quality issues. It also articulates the kind of company that Toyota wants to be and the kind of values it should esteem, which should be embraced throughout Toyota.
It was announced as a clear statement to Toyota’s customers and society as a whole. The Five Main Principles of Toyoda, the Guiding Principles at Toyota and the Toyota Way have played a role of the backbone values of all Toyota operations. We will strive to implement a positive cycle of making ever-better cars that
 
exceed customer expectations, contributing to Enriching the Lives in communities, and being rewarded with the smile of customers and communities. This leads to a Stable Business Base. We aim to generate such virtuous cycles and achieve sustainable growth.
 


 

 	Toyota Global Vision		http://www.toyota-global.com/company/vision_philosophy/toyota_global_vision_2020.html 
 
           




Corporate Principles


 
The Toyota Way 2001 clariﬁes the values and business methods that all employees should embrace in order to carry out the Guiding Principles at Toyota throughout the company’s global activities.
With the rapid growth, diversiﬁcation and globalization of Toyota, the values and business methods that had been passed on as implicit knowledge were identiﬁed and deﬁned in April 2001.
The Toyota Way is supported by two main pillars: “Continuous
 
Improvement” and “Respect for People”. “Continuous Improvement” means that we are never satisﬁed with where we are and consistently seek further knowledge to pursue higher value. “Respect for People” means that we respect all Toyota stakeholders and believe that the growth of each employee will connect to the success of our business.
 


Challenge
We form a long-term vision, meeting challenges with courage and creativity to realize our dreams

 
 
We improve our business operations continuously, always driving for innovation and evolution
Genchi Genbutsu
We practice genchi genbutsu... go to the source to find the facts to make correct decisions, build consensus and achieve goals at our best speed
 


Continuous Improvement
 

 
Respect for People
 

 
We respect others, make every effort to understand each other, take responsibility and do our best to build mutual trust

We stimulate personal and professional growth, share the opportunities of development and maximize individual and team performance
 

 

 
The Toyota Code of Conduct organizes the basic attitudes necessary for people working at the company or otherwise, provides a basic code of conduct, and acts as a compass. It also details what is required of us and what we need to keep in
 
mind. Along with the Toyota Way, it is deemed essential that each employee carries out the Guiding Principles at Toyota and fulﬁlls their social responsibilities.
 

 	Toyota Code of Conduct		http://www.toyota-global.com/company/vision_philosophy/toyota_code_of_conduct.html 
 
           




CSR Structure
CSR Structure


 
Since its foundation, Toyota has continuously strived to contribute to the sustainable development of society through the manufacture and provision of innovative and quality products and services
that lead the times. Motor vehicles greatly expand the freedom of mobility, but impact society and the environment in various ways.
 
Always bearing this in mind, we listen carefully to our customers and the local community as we pursue a business that works towards harmony with people, society, and the global environment, as well as the realization of a sustainable society through monozukuri (manufacturing.)
 

 


We strive for sustainable growth by providing society with values such as “Safety and Peace of Mind,” “Environmental Sustainability” and “Waku-doki (excitement and exhilaration that wows you)” through our business activities. Toyota established the Corporate Planning Meeting and the Corporate Governance Meeting to promote these activities from a long-term and company-wide perspective.


Corporate Planning Meeting and Corporate Governance Meeting
 
In October 2007, Toyota established the CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee to coordinate and promote CSR activities. Through the CSR Committee, we have ensured legal compliance, conducted social contribution activities and promoted initiatives for environmental issues.
Since April 2015, organizational changes have been made with the intention of incorporating CSR into management and raising corporate value. These changes were designed to bring CSR-speciﬁc discussions that previously took place in the CSR
committee into more general management and business operation-
 
related discussions. Therefore, the functions of the CSR Committee have been transferred to the Corporate Planning Meeting and Corporate Governance Meeting. Under the oversight of General Shareholders’ meetings and the Board of Directors, the Corporate Planning Meeting discusses growth and business strategies, taking into account a wide range of social issues. An optimal governance structure has been deliberated in the Corporate Governance Meeting, which serves as a supervising body over business implementation, to realize these growth and business strategies.
 

CSR Structure (Corporate Value Enhancement)

 
•	Basic corporate policies for contributing to the sustainable development of society and the earth
•	Planning and development of global CSR policies and activities
•	Sustainable growth strategies for corporate value enhancement
•	Social contribution, environmental issues, and other social issues
 
•	Corporate ethics, compliance, and corporate governance
•	Significant issues concerning risk management and the initiatives
 
           




CSR Structure

In order to realize the Toyota Global Vision, Toyota has involved external and internal experts to set goals and have established the Toyota Visionary Management Indices to act as KPI to assess the progress being made towards achieving those goals. Each responsible division conducts self-evaluations and implements PDCA to strengthen CSR activities.

* For further details on “Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year,” see each section.

Global Vision for Those We Serve	Goals


Ever-Better Cars	1. Provide safe and reliable vehicles that inspire enthusiasm at affordable prices	Achieve the highest level of customer appraisal in terms of safety, quality and moving people
	2. Listen sincerely to customer voices and continue to reinvent ourselves through sufficient information disclosure and dialogue	Raise customer satisfaction concerning customer inquiries






Enriching Lives of Communities	
3. Contribute for economic development of local communities with open stance to new suppliers and dealers and through sustainable growth based on mutually beneficial business relationships with dealers/distributors and suppliers	Suppliers: Promote local purchasing globally
		Dealers/distributors: Establish sales networks together to be rewarded with a smile
	4. Contribute to realizing a sustainable society through initiatives of the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050	Progress steadily with the Sixth Toyota Environmental Action Plan (2016-2020)
	5. Be aware of responsibilities of developing and producing vehicles and contribute for realization of new mobility society free from traffic accidents and congestion	Engage in advanced/cutting-edge research for a new mobility society, and promote the practical application and popularization thereof
	6. As a good corporate citizen, respect the culture and customers of every nation and region and contribute to social development	Continue stable social contribution activities at an appropriate level as a good corporate citizen



Stable Base of Business	7. Create working environments for various employees to work proudly and with loyalty and confidence in fulfilling their potential, which realize their self-growth	
Increase the ratio of employees who feel that their jobs are rewarding
	8. Ensure sustainable growth by fostering the virtuous circle
Ever-Better Cars > Enriching Lives of Communities > Stable Base of Business	
Establish a stable base of business
 







S o c i e t y

 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety
Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety


 
According to a World Health Organization (WHO) survey, 1.25 million people worldwide die in trafﬁc accidents each year, making them the eighth leading cause of death. While the number of deaths due to trafﬁc accidents has been decreasing slightly in Japan, North America and Europe, it has been constantly increasing in emerging nations and regions where trafﬁc safety education and transportation infrastructure have not kept up with increases in the number of cars on the road. On a global scale, trafﬁc fatalities continue to increase constantly and are predicted to become the ﬁfth leading cause of death by 2030 unless countermeasures are implemented. In order to achieve Toyota’s ultimate goal of Zero Casualties from Trafﬁc Accidents, the development of safe vehicles
 
is of course important, but it is also essential to educate people, namely drivers and pedestrians and to ensure safe trafﬁc infrastructure including trafﬁc signals and roads.
Toward achieving a safe mobility society, Toyota believes it is important to promote an Integrated Three Part Initiative, involving people, vehicles, and the trafﬁc environment, as well as to pursue “real-world safety” by learning from actual accidents and incorporating that knowledge into vehicle development. Toyota has also deﬁned its Integrated Safety Management Concept as the basic philosophy behind technologies toward achieving the elimination of trafﬁc casualties and is moving forward with developing such technologies.
 

 


People
Lectures, etc.
to raise awareness of trafﬁc safety
 
Investigation
and analysis of accidents
Actual accident investigation and analysis
 

 



Vehicles
Development of technologies for accident avoidance
 
Integrated Three Part Initiative
 



Trafﬁc
environment
Information on trafﬁc jams, and maintenance and management of
 
Pursuing “real-world safety”
 
and driver/passenger protection in a car collision
 
trafﬁc lights and roads
 
Development and assessment
Evaluation of actual vehicles to pursue safe vehicles and incorporate preventive technologies into actual vehicles
 
Simulations
Accident simulation to develop preventive measures
 

 
Integrated Safety Management Concept
Toyota’s approach is to enhance the safety level through development of various safety systems that work together in a car rather than developing each separately. The scope of responses, which previously focused on the moments immediately before and after an accident, is widened to provide optimal driver support
 


during every stage of driving from parking to normal operation, the pre- and post-crash timeframe, and post-accident rescue. The Integrated Safety Management Concept seeks to create safer cars through these measures.
 

Integration of Individual Technologies and Systems
 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety

[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Safety	Developed safety systems that incorporated the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA) concept
·	Safety systems promoted globally: Toyota Safety Sense
·	Evolved Global Outstanding Assessment (GOA) was implemented in a new platform for Prius
Promoted system development and started pilot operation of the D-Call Net by coupling active safety with passive safety
Promoted research and development of advanced safety technology and automated driving technology
Organized the concepts of automated driving craft and publicized Mobility Teammate Concept	Develop technology scenario to reduce casualties from traffic accidents
Proceed with research and development and raise the profile of advanced safety technology and automated driving technology
Promote widespread use of safety systems and continue with research and development to expand the scope of system capabilities for preventing car accidents


 
There were 4,117 trafﬁc fatalities in Japan in 2015. Though the ﬁgure is declining year after year, fatalities of pedestrians and the elderly ( 65 years or older) increased in 2015 compared with the previous year (see Figures 1, 2 and 3), suggesting there still remains a serious challenge to overcome in our efforts for Zero Casualties from Trafﬁc Accidents.
Trafﬁc accidents could occur from various causes including the careless or improper operation of drivers, pedestrians dashing out in front of cars, and poor visibility during driving at night.
By providing optimum support to different driving conditions and aggregating individual systems, the Integrated Safety Management Concept aims to make cars safer.
In recent years, about half of all trafﬁc accidents by elderly drivers occur at or near intersections (Figure 4), and half of the
 
accidents were caused by failure to conﬁrm safety (Figure 5). Another emerging issue is accidents caused by senior drivers accidentally stepping on the accelerator instead of the brake in parking spaces. The abilities to recognize, judge and maneuver when driving tend to decline with age. In today’s aging society, there is an increasing need for safety technology that works in tandem with drivers, enabling the cars to detect/warn of imminent danger and to stop automatically.
To realize a world in which every person can enjoy mobility safely, easily, and freely, Toyota is actively promoting the development of automated driving technology. Automated driving technology is expected to make a big difference in preventing accidents and mitigating casualties from trafﬁc accidents, as it will make up for driver errors and make driving easier.
 

 Figure 1 Number of Trafﬁc Fatalities by Accident Type  Figure 2 Number of Trafﬁc Fatalities of Elderly

(P	(Persons)
4000

3000

2000

1000

 
’05    ’06     ’07     ’08     ’09     ’10
 
’11
 
’12  ’13  ’14
 
’15 (CY)
 
’05     ’06     ’07     ’08     ’09     ’10
 
’11
 
’12  ’13  ’14
 
’15 (CY)
 
Source: 2016 Traffic accident statistics by the National Police Agency	Source: 2016 Traffic accident statistics by the National Police Agency

 
 Figure 3   Accidents in Which Elderly
(65 and Older) Are the Primary Actor
(No. of Accidents)
110,000  	
100,551
100,000  	                                           

90,000                                                                           
                                                               80,000                                                                           

70,000

60,000                                                                           
 
Breakdown of Trafﬁc Fatalities by Site for Elderly Drivers (65 and Older) and the Causes of Intersection Trafﬁc Accidents
 Figure 4	Figure 5 





%
 

 
0	’04     ’06      ’08	’10	’12	’14
 

’15 (FY)
 

Source: National Police Agency Traffic Bureau, Traffic Accident Statistics, 2015	Source: 2011 ITARDA accident data
 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]

Toyota is developing Active Safety Systems that can keep cars and people free from accidents. Several Active Safety functions that are quite effective in reducing accidents were put together into a package, which then was made commercially available in March, 2015. We intend to install the system package in nearly all passenger cars in US, European and Japanese markets by the end of 2017. Our goal is to have these safe cars penetrate into these markets.

 
Pre-collision safety
The pre-collision system detects an impending collision and helps reduce damage by preparing for it.

Step1	Step2	Step3	Step4
 
   Alarm and display used to warn the driver	
   Brake assist	
   Pre-collision brake	
 
•	Next-generation LED Array AHS*
Improves visibility at night by illuminating a wider range, focusing light onto a distant spot and using advanced control of light distribution.
*AHS: Adaptive High beam System
 


Launch of Toyota Safety Sense, a Collision Avoidance Support Package
 
Toyota started implementing Toyota Safety Sense, a collision avoidance support package that was developed based on the Integrated Safety Management Concept. Designed from the analysis of actual accidents, it has achieved high performance in active safety by detecting danger with two types of sensors and
 
integrating multiple drive assistance systems. With its simple design, the package can be widely adopted not only in high end vehicles but mass-market models as well. It was ﬁrst installed in the Corolla launched in March, 2015.
 

 
 	Toyota Safety Sense C	
Single-lens camera+Laser radar
 
 	Toyota Safety Sense P	
Single-lens camera+Millimeter-wave radar
 
Pre-Collision System
Helps avoid risk of
collision with cars


Automatic High Beam Helps ensure
forward vision during nighttime driving
 
Lane Departure
Alert
Alerts driver about risk of lane departure
 
Pre-collision System with Pedestrian Detection and Collision Avoidance Support Functions
Helps avoid risk of collision with pedestrian/vehicle
Automatic High Beam Helps ensure
forward vision during nighttime driving
 
Lane Departure
Alert
Alerts driver about risk of lane departure

Radar Cruise Control Optimized cruising while maintaining distance from a preceding vehicle
 



New Models Equipped with ITS Connect, World’s First* Telecommunication-based Cooperative
Driving Support System
 
Launched in the autumn of 2015, ITS Connect features a cooperative driving support system which utilizes vehicle-to- infrastructure and vehicle-to-vehicle communication. The system acquires and alerts the driver of the information about the presence of cars and pedestrians that are in blind spots outside the ﬁeld of vision of on-board sensors, and about trafﬁc signals to help reduce accidents at accident-prone intersections.
Communicating Radar Cruise Control utilizes acceleration and deceleration data of a preceding vehicle which are collected via vehicle-to-vehicle communication to improve headway control. It
 
has been installed in the new models of Crown, Prius and LEXUS RX. The effects of accident reduction are expected to increase as it will be introduced to more models and infrastructure will improve.

While waiting to turn right at an intersection, drivers are warned by an audio and visual alert if they may be unaware of an oncoming car or pedestrians





* As of September 2015. According to Toyota research
 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety

 
Toyota has developed GOA* Safety Assessment with a goal to achieve world-class collision safety performance. It is Toyota’s own rigorous internal target which reﬂects actual accidents in the market place while also taking regulatory standards of different countries in the world and third-party evaluations into consideration.
Since 1995, Toyota has been developing vehicles based on this
 
philosophy and its performance targets have continually evolved to maintain leadership in this ﬁeld. Based on this GOA, Toyota has realized high performance in collision safety, protecting against a wide range of accidents.
* GOA: Global Outstanding Assessment
 

 
Collision-Safety Body Which Absorbs and
Disperses Accident Impact
The vehicle body offers high performance in passive safety with an impact-absorbing body and a high-strength cabin. The multi-load path structure which receives impact at two locations, absorbs and disperses the collision energy. Optimum positioning of hot stamped, ultra-high strength steel panels makes a robust framework possible. Even in an event of oblique shock, a safe space is secured to minimize damage. In December 2015, this framework was adopted in the new Prius model as the ﬁrst car produced under the TNGA concept.
 
Released Version 5 of THUMS Virtual Human Body Model Updated with Virtual Muscles
THUMS* is a computer-aided virtual human body model to predict potential injury that could be inﬂicted upon the human body in a collision. Adopted by research and development institutions, dozens of car manufactures and automotive component suppliers around the world, it drives the research of car safety technology not only at Toyota but around the world. In June 2015, Toyota released THUMS Version 5. In this virtual model series, human bone, brain and internal organs were modeled, and now muscle modeling is added in Version 5, enabling more accurate simulation of the postures and injury to the passenger before and after accident.
* THUMS: Total HUman Model for Safety

Simulates the conditions of the muscles before and after an accident, ranging from moments of bracing oneself for upcoming danger to the moments when a person is stunned
 


Load Distribution in Front Collision	Load Distribution in Side Collision





 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety

 
Every minute counts in emergency response for accidents or sudden illness. Since 2000, Toyota rolled out Helpnet service, an emergency reporting system utilizing G-Book information network (now migrating to T-Connect) and G-Link. Approximately 500,000
 
members have signed up since then. A switchboard operator is just a switch away to help identify the situation and connect to the police and the ﬁre authorities.
 


Pilot Operation of D-Call Net Started, in which an Emergency Medical Service Helicopter is Dispatched Immediately Upon Request
 
In November 2015, Toyota started pilot operation of D-Call Net, an automatic emergency reporting system in collaboration with
HEM-Net (Emergency Medical Network of Helicopter and Hospital), a certiﬁed non-proﬁt organization, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and HELP NET (Japan Mayday Service Co., Ltd). At the outbreak of a trafﬁc accident, information is sent from the car regarding the direction and severity of the collision and whether seat belts were fastened. That information prompts a decision whether to urgently dispatch an EMS Helicopter or an ambulance with physician. This service
is expected to help save lives with a quick response, and thereby reduce fatalities from trafﬁc accidents.

 
Emergency Response and Rescue Activities Using EMS Helicopters
 
Automatic Emergency reporting System “D-Call Net”













Full-scale Operation Targeted to Start in mid-2018
 



 
About 30% of all trafﬁc accidents are said to occur in parking lots*. Checking around the car for safety and repeated steering maneuvers tend to burden drivers, causing pedal misapplications operation which can lead to serious accidents. Toyota has developed technology to improve visibility and to assist driving maneuvers during parking operations in order to prevent accidents and minimize damage.
* Source: “Statistics of Parking Lot Accidents” (statistics from 6 Prefectures in Tohoku Region) from the General Insurance Association of Japan


 
Commercialized Intelligent Clearance Sonar (ICS)
Ultrasonic sensors warn the driver when obstacles are detected and if necessary, the system reduces the engine output and automatically applies the brakes to avoid collision accidents and minimize damages caused by accidental or improper pedal operation.






Brakes are also applied if deemed necessary
 
Panoramic View Monitor (PVM) Upgraded with the New See-through View Function
Panoramic View Monitor, which synthesizes images from cameras mounted on the four corners (front, back, right and left) of the vehicle to display images as though looking down on the vehicle from above, now has an additional See-through View Function in which images are displayed in such a way as if the vehicle’s body and seats were transparent, allowing the driver to identify obstacles in blind spots. This feature is installed in the Alphard, Vellﬁre and LEXUS RX launched in 2015.

Conventional Moving View	New See-through View Function
 







Society | Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety

 
In October 2015, Toyota announced the concept for automated driving: the Mobility Teammate Concept. This is a unique philosophy of Toyota which seeks out a relationship between people and vehicles so they have the same objectives, stand by and support one another as companions would do, in order to realize a society in which every person can enjoy mobility safely, comfortably and freely. Additionally, Toyota announced that the Highway Teammate function was installed in our experimental automated driving vehicle. In May 2016, the Urban Teammate function was installed in the experimental automated driving vehicle which was under development with the goal to perform automated driving on public roads. The vehicle was unveiled at the G7 Ise-Shima Summit. In January 2016, the Toyota Research Institute (TRI) was established to accelerate research and development of AI technology, an integral component of automated driving.
 
Technologies Supporting Automated Driving

 

System deactivation

 





System activation



Driving on Ramp-way/ Tight curves
 

Highway
in urban area

Exiting highway onto interchange
 




Dynamic wide-area information






Turning off at junction
 

 

The Highway Teammate, an experimental automated driving vehicle, merges onto and exits from highways, changes and stays in the lane, and maintains headway using appropriate recognition, judgment and maneuvering with the built-in system.
 


Highway
 




Merging onto highway from interchange
 
Automatic lane change and passing while adapting to other vehicles, accidents and construction

Driving on highway
 


 


Trafﬁc Safety Education Activities
Toyota has been conducting various trafﬁc safety education activities continuously since the 1960s targeting a wide range of audiences including drivers and pedestrians. Activities have also been conducted by overseas afﬁliates.


 


Focus
 
Support for initiatives at Collaborative Safety Research Center (CSRC), U.S.
Toyota has invested a total of 85 million dollars in Collaborative Safety Research
Center (CSRC) to support its initiatives, which was established at the Toyota Technical Center (TTC) campus in January, 2011. CSRC aims to carry out joint research with universities and research institutes in North America and share its results with society and industries, thereby to contribute to a safe motorized society.
During the ﬁrst ﬁve-year phase from 2011, it has conducted research for developing preventive measures of inattentive driving, protections of vulnerable pedestrians including young children and the elderly, and developing test methods for the assessment of Pedestrian Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB). In the next
 
second ﬁve-year phase starting in 2017 we will further step up our research on promising technologies including automated driving technologies and “Connected Vehicle” technologies.
 
Pedestrian mannequins were also developed for tests to assess the safety performance of the automatic brake, Pedestrian AEB.
 







Society | Customer First and Quality First Measures
Customer First and Quality First Measures


 
Quality is the result of collaboration among development, design, procurement, production, sales, after-sales service and other areas. It is necessary to make efforts in all of these areas in order to provide the quality that will satisfy customers.
At Toyota, quality includes product quality, sales and service quality, and the quality of the work performed by each employee that serves as the foundation supporting the other aspects of quality. We believe that the combination of these three constitutes quality and it is only when all three aspects of quality are secured that we can provide products and services that can gain the trust of customers. The origins of quality lie in the spirit of audit and improvement, and Toyota’s unchanging monozukuri (manufacturing) pursues ever higher quality through continuous improvement based on repeated implementation of PDCA.
Since the occurrence of recall issues in 2010, Toyota has determined February 24 as “Toyota Restart Day,” and employees are making even greater efforts to rebuild Toyota as a quality leader that exceeds customer expectations.
Since Toyota’s foundation, each employee has strived to
 
make improvements in his or her own work with a strong and constant awareness of issues and has sought to raise customer safety, security, and satisfaction through close collaboration with personnel in other ﬁelds so that we can put the principles of
customer ﬁrst and quality ﬁrst into practice and continuously meet the expectations of customers and society.

Definition of Quality

 
 

 



 
Toyota’s Quality Function Policy was implemented to rebuild Toyota as a Quality Leader that exceeds customers’ expectations by recognizing work fundamentals, with employees making every effort to set up focused activities for the year. The fundamentals of
implementation are function management and policy management. Function management refers to setting company-wide policy based on a function that assures quality and each division taking action in collaboration with other divisions.
Policy management refers to the formulation and
implementation of action plans for achieving targets in each division
 
all-company problems was consolidated into the TQM Promotion Division that performs operational reform. This new body was reorganized as the Process Quality Innovation Division. We are putting more emphasis on monitoring and improving work quality- the foundation of our quality, and promoting initiatives that allows all of our employee’s efforts to take root.

Global Implementation Structure of
the Quality Conference (Basic Scheme)
 
based on the company-wide policy. During the implementation phase, progress and results are reported through Quality Function Board and other forums and responses are carried out as needed.
In addition, in order to strengthen quality improvement activities led by the regions, Toyota has appointed Chief Quality Ofﬁcers (CQOs) in Japan and other regions around the world to address regional issues and promote global collaboration.
In 2012 the Customer First Promotion Group (CF Promotion Group) was established to strengthen in-house systems for quality improvement in order to cater to customer’s perspectives to be a
Quality Leader. In 2016 the BR Quality Reform Ofﬁce that identiﬁed
 
Quality Function Policy












Regional Quality Policies
 
Policy Management
 
Quality Function Board












Regional Quality Committees
 







Society | Customer First and Quality First Measures

 
Coping with Quality Troubles
In line with our Customer First Principle, Toyota is encouraging employees to work on their own initiative to improve product quality; at the same time, it provides prompt actions in preparation for an emergency.
When identifying a recall, quality failure is not only recognized based on legal compliance but is also considered from the customer’s standpoint putting safety and security ﬁrst.
When making a ﬁnal decision, the regional representatives,
 


who are closest to the customers, take part in that decision so that regional customer feedback can be incorporated. Once decided, Toyota will not only contact individual customers through the dealers but also add information to its website to ensure prompt repair service.
We will continue to improve our products so that our customers can drive Toyota cars safely.
 

[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Quality	Laid down foundational culture and structures to raise the sensitivity of individual employees and keep the fundamentals of work
Steadily implemented quality-related measures and reinforced overseas spread of quality education
Spread regional quality activities centered on CQO to all regions	Develop globally both the work climate and the human resources to perform work fundamentals and think from the customer’s standpoint
Prompt quality improvement further through reorganization (the introduction of the Company System)
Continue to strengthen regional quality activities led by CQO
Increase the number and quality of quality-learning facilities to develop human resources working from the customer’s standpoint
Customer	Devised and implemented measures that encourage individuals to reflect customer feedback in their conduct (Implemented the Customer’s Month)
Customer feedback was incorporated into company- wide skill and position training
Carried out activities (vehicle evaluation, etc.) from the customer’s viewpoint through the Toyota Consumer Affairs Advisor Group (since 1991)	Continue to promote existing activities
Reorganize the system of proactive information release to customers
[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Sharing Information on the Current Status of Quality Measures Globally through the Global CQO Meeting
 
In 2013 the Global Chief Quality Ofﬁcer (CQO) Meetings started. Regional CQOs gathered to exchange and share the current needs of regional customers and the examples of quality improvement measures implemented in individual regions.
In May 2015, the 3rd Meeting was held with the attendance of seven regional CQOs from North America, Europe, Africa, China, Asia, the Middle East, East Asia, Oceania, and Latin America and related Toyota ofﬁcers. The major theme of this meeting was to summarize and share the activities Toyota and individual regions
 
of the initiatives for customer safety and security that have been ongoing since the Special
Committee for Global Quality was held in 2010, and a strengthening of the globally coordinated initiatives that have been implemented
with higher sensitivity to the changing expectations of
 
have implemented proactively since the series of recall issues in 2010. Speciﬁcally, the Meeting agreed on a further strengthening
 
markets and customers.
 
In May 2015, CQOs from all the regions met at
the Headquarters’ Quality Audit Building.
 

Promotion of Awareness Activities and Creation of Structures to Maintain Focus on the Lessons Learned from the Series of Recall Issues.
 
February 24, the day of the U.S. Congressional hearings held to investigate the series of recall issues, is designated the “Toyota Restart Day.” In connection, we promote awareness activities and creation of structures to maintain focus on the lessons learned from the recall issues.
On this day in 2016, in addition to a series of company- wide events including the reﬂections on the recall issues and the interviews with the staff in charge at the time, a range of independently organized events by organization and region was
held. Among them, the North American executives were invited to a round-table discussion with the president Toyoda. We recalled
 
previous issues and discussed future initiatives to realize “One Toyota,” the key words of the North American Region.
Reﬂection on the series of recall issues at these meetings will encourage all employees to review their work process. The
improved work quality of individual employees will then lead to the promotion of the customer ﬁrst
corporate culture.
Discussion with the North American
executives
 







Society | Customer First and Quality First Measures

Ongoing Quality Education Programs for Employees on Quality Month
 
Toyota designates every November as a Quality Month and undertakes initiatives aimed at nourishing a sense of ownership in quality so that they take action. In November 2015, we invited representatives from other companies that implement excellent activities to improve quality to offer us advice and new ways of thinking.
In addition, using a “Tsunagari Sheet (Network Sheet)” to visualize how individual business activities connect with the
 
customers, we discussed the initiatives based on the customer’s viewpoint, and aimed our activities in accordance with the Customer First principle, etc. at each workplace.
The purpose of various initiatives on quality is to analyze duties from the customer’s viewpoint and take action. Moreover, repeated cycles of review after reﬂection will lead to the improvement of work quality.
 

 

 
Toyota’s principle of Customer First exists for the purpose of providing customers with products and services that earn their smiles. On this basis, Toyota hopes to offer cars with superior features in terms of environmental, safety and quality performance, while also offering the intrinsic appeal of cars, such as driving
 
performance, at an affordable price.
Therefore, in order to make ever-better cars, Toyota makes rigorous use of customer opinions gleaned from dealers and the Customer Assistance Center.
 

System for Implementing Customer Feedback [Domestic Examples]


Toyota Customer Assistance Center and Lexus Information Desk
 

The Toyota Customer Assistance Center, and the Lexus Information Desk, offer toll-free phone consultation 365 days a year and accept brochure requests 24 hours a day in Japan. With this convenient customer-oriented system, Toyota offers speedy, appropriate and
 
Number and Content of Calls Received by the Center and the Desk in FY2015

Number of calls received (302,000)	Content of calls received
   
 
empathetic responses to customer inquiries, and listens to opinions and requests, based on the principle of Customer First. At the same time, Toyota undertakes initiatives to link this feedback to the creation of better products and services.
Furthermore, the Salesperson Support Desk has been established in order to support dealers in implementing the
 
Salesperson support
11%
Opinions and requests
7%
 
Other
(car delivery date etc.)
18%
Brochure requests
4%
 

Navigation and audio systems related
21%
 
Customer First principle.
Toyota also conducts surveys of customers who use the telephone service via an automated response system, in an effort to make further improvements.
 
Consultations
82％
 
Car Related (speciﬁcations, equipment, etc.)
57％
 






Society | Customer First and Quality First Measures













































 
[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Ongoing Customer First Staff Education
To coincide with the designation of May as Consumer’s Month by the Japanese government, Toyota has declared it Customer’s
Month, and undertakes initiatives aimed at spreading awareness of the Customer First principle throughout the company.
One of our initiatives is “Customer Feedback Experience” to encourage employee’s voluntary action. With the help of in-house intranet, feedback is now delivered to all employees online. At
the Customer Feedback Exhibitions, examples of the customer feedback and the initiatives from the customer’s viewpoint are introduced. In addition, guest lecturers from other corporations are invited to speak.
 





Throughout the year, the “Experience and Learn from Customer Feedback” sessions are held to observe and experience the function of the call center, Customer Assistance Center. The facility and vehicle evaluation
from the customer’s viewpoint is also held by a group of experts (Toyota Consumer Affairs Advisor Group).


A customer feedback exhibition
 







Society | Customer First and Quality First Measures


 
Better service and better cars are, as it were, the two wheels of the cart. Customer car use requires regular check-ups, legal check- ups, and repair due to breakdown or accidents. After-sales service will continue supporting Toyota and Lexus brands during the customers’ ownership. In particular the average age of car use has become extended - up to about 12 years in Japan; therefore, the role of the after-sales service has become more important. Toyota is trying to provide better services under the umbrella of the 3S Spirit (Seikaku + Shinsetsu = Shinrai: Accuracy + Caring = Trust) so that our customers can enjoy a long use.
 
Average Use of Age of Passenger Cars (Japan)
(Use of Age)
14

13

12

11

10

9

8
’00	’02	’04	’06	’08	’10	’12	’14     (FY)
 
Source: Website of Automobile Inspection & Registration Information Association



 
Currently in Japan the after-sales services are delivered by about 310 companies, about 5,000 dealers and parts distributors, totaling about 46,000 service staff members, while overseas there are about 170 companies, 10,000 dealers, or 134,000 service staff members. Toyota has set up education systems and facilities in individual regions. At the same time, by focusing on Tajimi Service Center, we are trying to improve the knowledge and skills of our global service staff.
In addition, Toyota has established a quick delivery system of
 
parts required by each country to make repair service, etc. faster. By utilizing the concept of the Toyota Production System on the dealer sides, more efﬁcient parts inventory, shorter delivery time at car inspections, etc. have been realized.
Moreover, based on the idea that “after-service start at the stage of vehicle development,” respective divisions such as service, development and sales work together to proceed with Easy-to- Repair Car Manufacturing, Quick-to-Know Handling Manuals, and Quick and Easy Repair Manuals, etc.
 


[soM02a_j0o6r Initiatives ]
Global Learning Facility, Tajimi Service Center, Accumulation of Service Technology
In July 2013, the Tajimi Service Center, a learning center for service staff, was opened in Tajimi City, Gifu Prefecture. 187,000 m2 of
vast premises contains study centers and drive-evaluation courses of a variety of road conditions, welcoming about 3,100 service staff members a year from all over the world. The latest service technology compatible with the latest technology of Toyota cars has been accumulated here to improve members’ knowledge and skills and to establish the center as a global learning base.




Initiative with Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council to Listen to Customer’s Feedback
 
The dealers offer services to the customers directly; therefore, the dealers and manufacturers are working together to promote activities for ever-better cars and ever-better services. In Japan the sectional meetings of Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council and Toyota are discussing after-sales services. The
 
Technical Sectional Meeting discusses quality control issues and serviceability from the customer’s viewpoint; while the Service Meeting discusses individual problems at the sites of the dealers, which are respectively utilized for improvement.
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society
Creating an Afﬂuent Society


 
To help realize a mobility society of the future and afﬂuent lifestyles, Toyota is working on a wide variety of initiatives beyond just automotive manufacturing, including building environmentally friendly communities where people connect more freely, developing life-supporting robotics and sponsoring sport events such as the
 
2020 Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games. Through collaboration with governments, local communities, other corporations and the academic world, Toyota is committed to realizing a sustainable society for the greater happiness of all.
 

[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Smart Mobility Society	(Connectivity Products and Services)
Promoted utilization of big data information, provided to businesses and local governments and verified usability
Development and commercialization of next-generation traffic systems
Expanded T-Connect services and functionality





(Future Mobility Society)
Managed measures for promoting further utilization in Ha:mo verifications in Toyota City, and improved systems to enhance ease of use
Progressed steadily with verification tests of Ha:mo in Grenoble, France
Progressed steadily with verification tests in the Tokyo area
Started Ha:mo verification tests in collaboration with tourism services in Okinawa	(Connectivity Products and Services)
Promote vehicle connectivity by expanding the installation of the on-board Data Communication Module (DCM)
Promote construction and operation of Toyota Big Data Center, and research and utilization of big data for realizing ever-better cars
Expand T-Connect services/functions and smartphone navigation services
Expand service and reinforce product appeal through cross-industry collaboration (sharing, communication platform, insurance, etc.)

(Future Mobility Society)
Utilize Ha:mo verification tests in Toyota City for tourism and revitalization strategies in the local community, and promote commercialization with further improvement in operation and systems
Strengthen infrastructure and improve operations for the Ha:mo verification test in Grenoble, France
Ensure smooth launch and full-scale operation of the verification tests in Tokyo
Progress steadily with the Ha:mo verification test in Okinawa and develop the local operational structure
Assisted Mobility	Fully redesigned Sienta
Launched User-Friendly Goods line (Sienta)	Implement partial updates to Hiace and Regius Ace
Redesign a wheelchair loading and unloading system (Porte, Spade)
Biotechnology & Afforestation	Conducted research and development and fostered new businesses, in the fields of biomass utilization, contribution to the agriculture and livestock industries, and greenification
(Housaku Keikaku: An agricultural IT management tool)
Promoted initiatives for second year of verifications in the Advanced Model Agricultural Business Formation Trials being conducted by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Started joint project with JA Aichi Group	Conduct research and development and foster new businesses in the fields of biomass utilization,
contribution to the agriculture and livestock industries, and greenification
(Housaku Keikaku: An agricultural IT management tool)
Progress steadily in the final year of the Advanced Model Agricultural Business Formation Trials by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Began Production Process Efficiency Improvement Project in Agricultural Firms with Ishikawa Prefecture, in addition to JA Aichi Group
Partner Robots	(Rehabilitation Partner Robots)
Fully introduced for clinical research in 34 medical institutions

(Human Support Robot (HSR))
Established the HSR Development Community, lease of HSRs to member institutions, and promoted technological development by sharing research and development outcomes	(Rehabilitation Partner Robots)
Comply with the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law and improve quality and user-friendliness by incorporating feedback from clinical research

(Human Support Robot (HSR))
Steadily introduce and expand use of the HSR Development Platform in research labs
Accelerate functional development in the research and development community and initiate social implementation to verify effectiveness
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society
Smart Mobility Society


 
Toyota is aiming to help to realize a future smart mobility society where cutting-edge IoT technology is utilized to interconnect cars, people and communities, and everyone feels free, secure, comfortable and excited in all aspects of their lives from car transport to everyday activities.
Toyota is committed to enriching the lives of communities,
 
through initiatives in the four major areas: next-generation telematics that connect people, cooperative ITS that connects cars and road infrastructure, energy management that connects communities, and next-generation urban trafﬁc systems that connect society.
 


 

 
The Connected Company and the Business Development Group have been undertaking initiatives to create a smart mobility society in collaboration with other related internal organizations. Conferences have been formed in the ﬁelds of Next-generation Telematics, Cooperative ITS, Energy Management, and Next-
 
generation Trafﬁc Systems respectively. Decisions concerning planning and development of various products and services and their commercialization are made regarding individual topics at necessary conferences on all levels ranging from the operation level to the ofﬁcer level.
 

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]

Next-generation Telematics
The vehicle will become a trusted partner through close communication with the driver

T-Connect Dramatically Enhances People-to-Car Connectivity
 
In August 2014, Toyota started T-Connect, a next-generation telematics service. Since the launch of G-Book in 2002, we have worked to enhance navigational functions as well as connectivity functions focusing on safety and security, including HELPNET
 
which has been provided via G-BOOK and our security services.
In addition to these services, T-Connect offers Agent, which is an advanced interactive interface, and Apps which is a service of downloading applications to be used in the navigation system.
 

Connection diagram between vehicle and Toyota Smart Center
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

The Big Data Trafﬁc Information Service Contributes to Trafﬁc Flow Improvement and
Disaster Measures
The Big Data Trafﬁc Information Service collects data related to vehicle location, speed and traveling conditions from 4.7 million cars equipped with Toyota’s Telematics services (G-Book,
T-Connect, G-Link), accumulates them as big data, processes them into trafﬁc information and statistical data and provides them to relevant parties.
Information such as T-probe trafﬁc information* (Toyota’s proprietary real time trafﬁc information), Route History Maps and trafﬁc volume maps, is provided to local governments and companies for the purpose of improving trafﬁc ﬂow, map information and implementing response measures for trafﬁc in disasters.
* T-probe trafﬁc information: Real-time trafﬁc information includes vehicle location, driving speed and other information acquired through telematics services







Global Utilization of Big Data
In order to utilize big data globally, Toyota established Toyota Connected, Inc., together with the Microsoft Corporation in the US in April 2016. In the same month, initiatives for developing telematics car insurance services which utilize travel data were also launched in the US jointly with Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

Cooperative ITS
Toward the Realization of Toyota’s Ultimate Goal:
Zero Casualties from Traffic Accidents

 	Overview		 	Progress	

 
Toyota strives to realize its ultimate goal of a society of complete elimination of trafﬁc casualties using the vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication technology.
 
Adopted ITS Connect, Cooperative Driving Support Systems, in New Models
In the autumn of 2015, Toyota commercialized ITS Connect, cooperative driving support systems which use a dedicated ITS frequency and enhanced the effects of accident reduction.
 

 	For details, see Initiatives for Improving Trafﬁc Safety (P12) 



Energy Management
Optimizing Energy Use of the Entire Community.
Achieving Eco-friendly Lifestyles with a High Quality of Life

 	Overview	

We are making an effort to connect local communities including homes, convenience stores, and schools, with cars, transportation infrastructure and factories to maintain a good balance between electric power supply and demand, with the goal of optimizing energy consumption in communities and society as a whole. Toyota is also initiating programs to build a hydrogen-based society, one of the key solutions to a challenge of fossil fuel depletion.


 	Progress	

F-Grid, Which Forms a Mutual Support Network of Energy Between the Local Community and
Factories, is Entering a Commercialization Phase
 
Following the Great East Japan Earthquake, Toyota has been working to create new smart communities focusing on factories to solve energy problems and to support the Tohoku region.
F-grid is a system that comprehensively manages the energy inside an industrial park where factories are located with the aim of developing low-carbon, competitive infrastructure. The F-grid Center distributes and stores in an optimum balance the electricity and heat generated by a large-scale gas engine and solar panels for use by nearby participating companies. By making energy consumption visible and averaging out the consumption, energy
 
can be used stably and efﬁciently throughout the community.
F-grid Ohira, Miyagi Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) , established in the North Sendai Central Industrial Park (Ohira Village, Kurokawa- gun, Miyagi Prefecture), is in charge of operations and management of the F-grid center, and started supplying power to seven companies sequentially beginning in April 2013. Since October 2015, F-Grid is able to perform emergency support functions during times of disasters and supply electric power to surrounding communities via the electric power company.
 


Started Initiatives for a Hydrogen-based Society at Kansai International Airport and Keihin Waterfront Area
To achieve a hydrogen-based society, Toyota is working on expanding the use of hydrogen and researching and developing a hydrogen supply chain. Kansai International Airport KIX Project and Keihin Project, which utilize CO2-free hydrogen made using electric power generated by Hama Wing (a wind-power generation plant in Yokohama City) are examples of ongoing projects working in collaboration with future hydrogen users and many hydrogen related companies.

 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

 





 	Overview	
 
Next-generation Trafﬁc Systems
Building a Stress-free Trafﬁc Environment Where Everyone Can Move around, Exactly as They Wish
 

 
To realize a society in which everyone can travel comfortably, Toyota is working on the commercialization of Ha:mo, a new transport system which optimally combines personal mobility with public transportation.
The vehicles used are ultra-compact EVs, which are environmentally friendly and have a small turning radius. Stations
 
are set up near access points to public transportation systems such as train stations to encourage a short, quick ride from trains or private automobiles. Ha:mo also offers new options for mobility, including utilization for a membership-based car sharing service or for mobility in tourist destinations, mountainous areas and remote islands where public transportation infrastructure is limited.
 


 
 	Progress	

Low-carbon Society Veriﬁcation Project
(Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture)
Started as an ultra-compact EV sharing service which is suited for short distance, urban transportation. It is widely used by 2,600 individual members and 60 corporate members*
as a day-to-day means for business and
 

Ultra-compact EV Sharing Veriﬁcation Project
(Grenoble, France)
With its strict environmental regulations, Grenoble has a trafﬁc vision to reduce vehicle usage even if the population continues to grow. Toyota began veriﬁcation tests of the car sharing service in the city in October 2014.
 
personal transportation. In preparation for commercialization, challenges such as building more stations and cost reduction were implemented.
* As of June 2016
 
The project was initiated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in 2010 and was taken over solely by Toyota since March 2015
 
The project is supported by a group of partners who share a common vision for the future of urban mobility, including the government and the electric company.
 
Set up stations near street tram stations. Membership has grown steadily to 1,000
 

 

Personal Mobility Sharing Veriﬁcation Project
in Tokyo in Collaboration with Park24 Co., Ltd.
In April 2015, Toyota started veriﬁcation tests of a service which combines Times Car PLUS (a car sharing service operated by Park 24 Co., Ltd) and the Ha:mo sharing system. To cater to
 
Sharing Veriﬁcation Project for the Condominium Residents in Collaboration with Mitsui Fudosan Co., Ltd. in Tokyo
Toyota started veriﬁcation tests of a car sharing service in April 2016 in collaboration with Mitsui Fudosan Residential Co., Ltd., for the residents of six condominiums in the Tokyo Bay
 
distinctive needs of residents in the metropolitan area, we operate a one- way (park-and-go) service which gives greater ﬂexibility in renting and returning.
 


The veriﬁcation tests were proven to be useful in the metropolitan Tokyo and have been extended for another two years. The ﬂeet of ultra- compact EVs increased from 30 to 100 cars.
 
Area including Tsukuda, Odaiba and Toyosu. We propose a new mode
of transportation to an area which is undergoing redevelopment.
 
Part of Wangan Action, a new concept for the waterfront lifestyle by Mitsui Fudosan Residential
 

 
Churamai Ha:mo Veriﬁcation Project
(Motobu Peninsula, Okinawa Prefecture)
In collaboration with Motobu Cho Tourist Association and Nakijinson Tourist Association, veriﬁcation tests for a tourist service using Ha:mo started in January 2016. The service offers a new attraction where ultra-compact EVs are provided to tourists so they can visit tourist spots using routes only ultra-compact vehicles can travel, with a goal to stimulate local tourism while minimizing environmental impact. In July, Nago City and Ie Village joined the program and new routes were added.
 




On-board tablet device in the vehicle is available for tourists to look up routes and tourist information via the “Recommended Route Information,” a recently developed application
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

Assisted Mobility

As Japan enters into a period of a super-aging society, government policy is shifting towards home-based medical treatment and nursing care. As a result, there is growing need for assisted mobility that is easy to use at home. Hoping to help customers’ happy lives, Toyota named the assisted mobility vehicle Welcab. Our goal is to make vehicles that are comfortable and safe as well as simple and easy-to-use, and that gives people with disabilities and the elderly the freedom of mobility and furthermore accommodates the needs and wants of caregivers.


 
Toyota is designing and developing Welcab incorporating the ﬁve key development points (See right) as well as addressing all market needs. Customers can try out the Welcab at Welcab Stations available at a dealer outlet (229 in Japan*) or Heartful Plaza (10 locations in Japan), an exhibition hall equipped with wheelchair- accessible bathrooms and parking spaces for assisted mobility options. Specialist staff including Welcab Consultants is on site to help customers choose a suitable vehicle.
* As of June 30, 2016
 
Five Key Development Points

 
 





 

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Promote Normalization as an Ordinary Car
Through consumer surveys on Welcab, we received a lot of customer feedback saying that they considered it but did not purchase Welcab because of the “high price”, “there was no need anymore” or “didn’t know how long such a vehicle would be necessary.” To address these fears of customers keeping a car unnecessarily for too long, Toyota has explored ways to make the Welcab into an ordinary car in both cost and functionality. We made options available, such as an additional second row seat to
be retroﬁtted into a wheelchair-adapted model or adding a forward- folding stowable slope, and we were able to reduce production costs using in-line production* for the ﬁrst time in Japan.
* In-line production: Body mounting in the same production line as standard vehicles



Developed Welchair, a Wheelchair Optimized for the Welcab
Believing that a dedicated wheelchair was necessary to further enhance comfort during transport, Toyota developed Welchair. Its ride-comfort features include less transverse vibration, prevention of the body from sliding forward in the seat and easier seat belt fastening.
 
Welcab Stations	Toyota Heartful Plaza




Fully Redesigned Sienta
To meet the diverse needs of customers, we launched a Wheelchair-adapted Model and Rotating and Tilting Front Passenger’s Seat Model in 2015. Rotating and Tilting Front Passenger’s Seat is the ﬁrst speciﬁcation that Toyota introduced. The rotation and (forward) tilting front passenger seat is user- friendly and makes
standing up and sitting down easier.




Developed Items in User-Friendly Goods Line
for Going Out
Toyota developed a User-Friendly Goods* line for the elderly who are on moderate-to-minor nursing care requirement levels having some degree of physical difﬁculty but do not need heavy
equipment (such as a slope) as in assisted mobility vehicles. These items have been available for the Sienta launched in 2015. New items will be added to the product portfolio which will be applied to a wider range of vehicle models.
* User-Friendly Goods: Options mounted at the dealership
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society
Partner Robots
 

 

 

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Expanded Veriﬁcation Trials on Public Roads for Winglet, a Personal Mobility Vehicle
In addition to just promote how “Fun to Drive” of Winglet with which the driver shifts his or her body’s center of gravity to drive, Toyota also offers the Winglet Pass program to teach vehicle operation and driving skills as well as important trafﬁc rules and etiquette. Through these efforts, Toyota is building a system for people to drive the Winglet safely and comfortably in pedestrian areas.
Public road veriﬁcation tests of electric personal assistive mobility devices, such as the Winglet, have been conducted in cities such as Tsukuba and Toyota taking advantage of the beneﬁts of special zones. Now the tests have been expanded throughout Japan and run under the same conditions and requirements since July 2015. The one-year veriﬁcation test on public roads (sidewalks) in Tokyo Waterfront City that started in March 2016, was designed
to let as many people as possible experience ﬁrst-hand how fun and convenient it is to drive the
Winglet, with the goal of building a new mobility society in which the vehicle blends into the community, invigorating local community and stimulating tourism.

Public road verification test in Toyota City
 
Since Toyota’s founding, its corporate philosophy has been to “contribute to the world and to people by enriching society through monozukuri (manufacturing).” Based on this spirit, Toyota has been working to develop human-assisting partner robots to help enrich people’s lives. In order to attain its vision “Mobility for all Joy of Self- reliance,” Toyota will contribute to realizing a sustainable society
for the greater happiness of all, by providing partner robots which support independence of the elderly and people with disabilities while reducing burden on caregivers.







Full-scale Introduction of Rehabilitation Partner Robots to Medical Facilities
Toyota, in collaboration with Fujita Health University (Toyoake City, Aichi Prefecture), is developing partner robots which will be provided in the aging society that will accelerate going forward. Since December 2014, 23 Walk Training Assist robot sets and 21 Balance Training Assist robot sets, that provide rehabilitation aid to people with impaired walking or balance due to illness or injury, have been fully introduced in 34* medical institutions in Japan for
clinical research purposes. As medical facilities utilize them for their research in rehabilitation, feedback from the clinical site continues to be collected, and the robot is in the ﬁnal stage before practical application.
* As of June 2016

Walk Training Assist	Balance Training Assist
 

 
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

Esos0t3a_b1l1ish a Community to Promote Technology Development Towards Accelerating Practical Application of the Human Support Robot (HSR)
HSR is the Human Support Robot which supports independent home living for the elderly and people with disabilities. To meet various needs and wants for assistance in everyday life, a platform with a high degree of integrity and a lot of excellent application software are needed. In the autumn of 2015, Toyota released a new robot model and established the HSR Developers’ Community, which works in collaboration with a number of research institutes. Three research labs from 2015 and ten from 2016 joined the Community to develop software and know-how using HSRs loaned to them by Toyota and to share information on the product.
The HSR assists the lives of the elderly and people with
disabilities. Using a tablet computer one can operate the robot to perform meticulous tasks such as picking up objects off the floor or retrieving objects from shelves.

 

HSR Hackathon 2015
Toyota held the HSR Hackathon (an event in which engineers concentrate on software development with unconventional viewpoints) under the theme of ‘future life with robots’. A total of 38 engineers on eight teams participated in the event. Various ideas for making lives fuller and more fun were proposed and demonstrated using HSR.
 

Participated in RoboCup Japan Open 2016 Aichi
RoboCup is a competitive event of autonomous mobile robots and was initially started as RoboCup Soccer. RoboCup @ Home is an attempt to apply that technology to everyday life, and contenders compete to demonstrate how well their robots collaborate with humans in domestic tasks, as such in the kitchen or the living room. Toyota offered HSRs to 2 University Teams who competed in RoboCup@Home for RoboCup Japan Open 2016 in Aichi*, and the teams did very well, winning 3rd and 4th places. Toyota is as an ofﬁcial RoboCup Japan
(RCJ) partner, and is promoting research and widespread adoption of the technology.
 



Held at Mega Web, Toyota’s Car Theme Park in Odaiba (Koto-Ward, Tokyo) between August 31st to September 2nd, 2015
 



The Grand Prix was won by NICT (National Institute of Information and Communications Technology and Doshisha University), who developed software to assist disadvantaged shoppers such as the elderly.
 

* Organizers: Aichi Institute	of
Technology, RoboCup Japanese National Committee and RoboCupJunior Japan Association

The event was held for 3 days between March 25th and 27th, 2016, at the Aichi Institute of Technology (Toyota City)
 

 

BLAID, a Wearable Device Development Project, Helps Blind and Visually Impaired People
 
In 2011, TEMA* USA launched Project BLAID to fulﬁll the mobility needs of blind and visually impaired people. Taking advantage of the advanced image recognition technology and a social
environment that encourages collaboration with visually impaired persons in North America, a wearable device has been developed that is worn across the neck and shoulders. Analyzing the images of surrounding areas obtained from the embedded camera, the device identiﬁes doors, stairs, store signage, exits and toilets
 
to notify the user with a built- in speaker or vibration to help
enhance the user’s quality of life. From 2016, service monitoring will start using prototypes.
* TOYOTA MOTOR ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING NORTH AMERICA
 

 
The device sits on the shoulders and provides assistance for the visually impaired when going out
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society
Biotechnology and Afforestation
 

 
To contribute to solving global problems such as global warming, energy issues and food shortages, Toyota believes in the need for businesses that contribute to the environment, in new ﬁelds in addition to the automotive business. For this purpose, in 1998 we
 
established an organizational structure to support research and development and commercialization of such businesses and have been carrying out initiatives in various ﬁelds under the three Visions below:
 

 
Research and Development and Business Fields
We are conducting research and development and working to create new business in the ﬁelds of biomass utilization, contribution to the agriculture and livestock industries and greeniﬁcation and afforestation.

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]

 
Development of Technology to Make Bio-Fuels from Biomass Resources
 
Development of a System for Production and Procurement of Bio-Fuels Made From Napier Grass
 
To examine the direction of the future automotive fuels, Toyota is developing technology to make bio- fuel from biomass resources, such as agricultural waste, and energy crops which do not compete with food and feed.
 

 
Fermentative production test of ethanol
 
Napier grass is a perennial grass which can be used as raw material for bio-fuel, and it grows profusely even over arid lands. Toyota cultivates this plant on Sumatra in Indonesia. Our goal is to establish a production and procurement system for inexpensive raw materials by growing Napier grass between trees on unused land or on land unsuitable for food cultivation.
 

 

 

Veriﬁcation Trial of Housaku Keikaku, an Agricultural IT Management Tool to Support Rice Growers
Toyota developed Housaku Keikaku, an agricultural IT management tool, and began providing it to rice-growing agricultural corporations from 2014. The aim is to contribute to increases in agricultural productivity by applying the production control systems and process improvement expertise that Toyota has gained in automobile manufacturing. In February 2015, in collaboration with JA Group Aichi which aims to strengthen agricultural business management, 16 corporations introduced the tool. In 2016, expanding the introduction of the tool to more corporations, we will continue with the trials to further
contribute to improving efﬁciency and quality of rice farming.
 
Greeniﬁcation Business with the Goal of Easing of the Urban Heat-Island Effect
Toyota Roof Garden Co., Ltd. was established in 2001 as a distribution company to sell greeniﬁcation products developed by Toyota. Currently, its main business activities are as follows:

Special green construction of rooftops, walls, and parking areas and sale of materials
Sale of easy-care slow-growth Zoysia Grass (TM9)
Sale of irrigation system using year-round irrigation controllers
 

Housaku Keikaku utilizes a cloud computing service and can be easily operated from smartphones and tablet devices.
 


Loaded with functions which help boost efﬁciency and quality of farming, such as automatically generating daily work plans and using centralized management to monitor progress in farming activities.
 


Example of a green walls
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society
Olympic Games, Paralympic Games & Special Olympics


 
Competing in sports brings about “Courage” and “Inspiration.” The Olympic & Paralympic Games possess a “Power” that enriches people and society through various activities that are centered on sports.
Toyota believes strongly in the vision and philosophy that the Olympic & Paralympic Games strive to achieve, and entered into a contract as “The Olympic Partner (TOP)” with the International
Olympic Committee (IOC) in March 2015. Toyota also concluded a contract as a “Worldwide Paralympic Partner” with the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) in November of the same year. As a partner of the Games, which provide sustainable mobility value through various activities, we would like to help “Achieve ever better, peaceful and equal world.”
 
In addition, Toyota entered into an agreement as a “National Partner” with the Special Olympics Nippon Foundation (SON)
in January 2016. We shall continue to provide support for SON activities and national tournaments.

Became The Olympic Partner (TOP) for IOC
 


[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Olympic & Paralympic Games initiative
The terms of the agreement as “The Olympic Partner (TOP)” for the IOC and as a “Worldwide Paralympic Partner” are valid until 2024, which include the 2020 Tokyo Games. Toyota has put forth three slogans that encapsulate the vision during this sponsorship: “Ever Better MOBILITY FOR ALL,” “Ever Better SOCIETY” and “Ever Better TOYOTA.” We will show off the advantages of mobility, for example, by providing Toyota vehicles for the Games, and we will work towards creating an afﬂuent society through programs contributing social issues, supporting sports and other activities.


 
Special Olympics initiative
The Special Olympics (SO) is an international sports organization that provides sports training and holds competitions that gives people with intellectual disabilities opportunities to demonstrate their abilities. The afﬁliates of Toyota in the U.S. have been an active partner since 1986, and they became an ofﬁcial partner of the Special Olympics World Games in 2015. In addition, we have continued to develop activities in other regions, with other overseas
 


afﬁliates also providing different avenues of support, such as by providing vehicles and volunteers for the Games. In Japan, Toyota concluded an agreement with SON becoming a “National Partner” in January 2016. We will continue to show our support for national programs, events and competitions.
 





 










Special Olympics Nippon President & CEO
Ms. Yuko Arimori
 

After 20 years since its inception, SON entered a new stage and began to develop “Uniﬁed Sports*,” an initiative of using sports so that everyone can participate, and ultimately aiming to achieve a society of mutual respect.
Uniﬁed sports provide a venue to form teams made up of persons with and without intellectual disabilities in order to compete together.
SON was able to form a partnership with TOYOTA, which believes in the power of sports, providing
 

support for sport activities both inside and outside the company. I am glad because the SO movement will most certainly continue to grow.

* Uniﬁed sports: Provides a venue for training and competitions forming teams with athletes who have intellectual disabilities and partnering them with unimpaired individuals of similar age and competition ability. We are trying to increase the number of opportunities for athletes and their partners to participate in sports.
 







Society | Creating an Afﬂuent Society

Promoting various sports, from company teams to lessons for children
 
Toyota is working to help create afﬂuent communities by adopting
initiatives that promote various sports.
Since our founding in 1937, Toyota has focused particularly on company sports teams. The image of players competing, including the challenge, teamwork and never quitting, embodies the spirit that Toyota holds so dear. The image of coworkers working hard together helps raise the work ethic and liven up the workplace.
 
There are currently 35 athletic clubs and teams. Athletes are able to balance their activities with work, while often showing great achievement.
In addition, Toyota also supports sports in communities, such as lessons and clubs for children. Part of this support, which was started in August of 2015, also includes a “Give back program,” that “gives back to all the people who have helped support us.”
 

       
 
Track & Field Long Distance Team placed 1st at the 2016 New Year Ekiden Race
 
In the summer of 2015, Junichi Kawai (former member of Japan’s Men Volleyball Team) was invited as the General Manager to start the beach volleyball team.
 
Taiki Morii was the men’s overall champion in Para-alpine skiing (sitting) for the 2015-16 season.
 
Top athletes participated in special lessons at an elementary school in Toyota city – JFA Heart Project, “Dream Class for the MIRAI (Future)” to help lead children toward their future.
 







Society | Respect for Human Rights
Respect for Human Rights
 

 
The Guiding Principles at Toyota and the Toyota Code of Conduct, which consolidates Toyota’s approach to putting these principles into practice, as well as the CSR Policy: Contribution towards Sustainable Development, contain the concept of respecting
and honoring the human rights and other rights of all the people involved in Toyota’s business.
Furthermore, of the two pillars of the Toyota Way—“Continuous Improvement” and “Respect for People”—“Respect for People” refers to respect for all stakeholders as well as respect for the character and abilities of employees as individuals and facilitating
 
personal achievement by linking the personal growth of employees to company performance. Thus, putting the Toyota Way into practice means respecting human rights.
The Toyota Way is the moral foundation for sharing common values with all business units across the world. In addition, various measures are implemented so that employees can work with conﬁdence, vigor, and enthusiasm. Efforts are also made to fully reﬂect and put into practice such concepts throughout Toyota’s global business activities, which include subsidiaries and suppliers.


The Two Pillars and Five Keywords of the Toyota Way
 

 




 
Toyota is responding to changes in circumstances such as heightened social demands concerning human rights by continuously enhancing and reviewing its corporate initiatives.
For example, in conjunction with the reinforcement of the due diligence concept and the introduction and revision of international norms based on this approach, a Human Rights Working Group was established in 2011 to incorporate various functions including corporate planning (current governance management), overseas external affairs, audit, legal affairs, accounting, and human resources with the aim of researching various international norms and investigating measures that Toyota should take. Based on the Group’s work, we continuously reinforce and review various CSR measures relating to human rights and labor.
Since April 2015, an optimal governance structure has been deliberated in the Corporate Governance Meeting, which serves as a supervising body over business implementation, to realize growth and business strategies that have taken a wide range of social challenges into consideration. The Meeting discusses matters related to human rights and labor.
 
Organization for Respecting Human Rights

[ Members ]
Human Resources Div. Global Audit Dept. Accounting Div. Legal Div. Purchasing Planning Div.
Overseas External Affairs Div. Governance Management Dept.
 







Society | Respect for Human Rights

Main Initiatives during FY2015

Toyota	Toyota established in-house priority CSR KPI to confirm whether business is being executed in line with the concept of respect for human rights, and follow-up is performed for the various functions each year.
Subsidiaries in Japan and Overseas	Toyota requests the implementation of self-checking for the Consolidated Compliance Program once a year at its subsidiaries in Japan and once every two years at overseas subsidiaries. As a part of this initiative, subsidiaries have been requested to propose and implement improvement measures addressing human rights and labor issues based on the results of self-checking. In 2015, self-checking were conducted at 195 subsidiaries in Japan and 216 overseas subsidiaries.
Suppliers	Toyota developed and rolled out the Supplier CSR Guidelines in 2009. They clearly describe Toyota’s policies and approaches to human rights along with supplier expectations. The suppliers are requested to perform self-inspections in accordance with the guidelines. At the end of 2012 the Supplier CSR Guidelines were revised. Since then Toyota sends a newly developed questionnaire pertaining to human rights and labor that are deemed critical check items to suppliers every other year and then collects the results, which helps us confirm their practices, make improvement requests as needed and monitor their improvement activities. In 2015, self-inspections were conducted again in Japan and overseas.
Dealers	In Japan, the Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council (TNDAC) which is comprised of Toyota dealers, voluntarily developed and issued the TNDAC CSR Guidelines in 2005. They include explicit statements about Toyota compliance policies and what is expected of the dealers. As a specific action for improvement, each dealer checks the items related to human rights and labor in the CSR Check List and executes a PDCA cycle and reports their activities of the year to the TNDAC.


Initiatives regarding Diversity & Inclusion (Toyota Motor North America, Inc.)
 
Focus
 
Toyota Motor North America, Inc.(TMNA) takes a proactive approach to leverage the diversity in order to respect the human rights of Toyota’s stakeholders such as employees, business partners and local community residents, while improve its business results.
In 2002, the Toyota Diversity Advisory Board was established and now is chaired by Alexis Herman, former U.S. Secretary of Labor. The board provides the management of TMNA with proposals on diversity and
inclusion policies, i.e. equal job opportunities for minorities and women, and on the relationship with minority-owned dealerships and suppliers.
As a speciﬁc initiative of the US afﬁliates, employees have created volunteer organizations under Business Partnering Groups based on shared characteristics including ethnic background, religious faith, LGBT, physical/mental challenges, veterans and women, etc. We take up input and insight from each group with the aim of leveraging them for their professional advancement and
Toyota businesses.
Toyota recognizes that a supply chain with diversity makes business and economic sense. Business conducted with minority- and women-owned suppliers exceeds one billion dollars each year. We also hold an event/trade show, Toyota’s Opportunity Exchange,
 
strengthen relationships between Toyota’s suppliers and Minority and Women Business Enterprises.
With respect to dealers and distributors, we promote the employment of minorities through programs, the Toyota Avenues for Advancement Program, which helps identify individuals that are currently working in a Toyota or Lexus dealership and then develops the right candidates who can
ultimately be owners and managers of their own dealership in the future. As a result, the number of minority- and women- owned dealers increased 1.5 times in 2016 in comparison with that of 2002.
These initiatives help to bolster Toyota’s standing in the United States. TMNA has earned a good reputation among numerous institutions that make assessments on diversity and human rights. A few examples include being named one of the top 50 companies for diversity by Diversity Inc. and getting a perfect score in the Corporate Equality Index for the Human Rights Campaign.
 
every year to provide support to build/
 
From TMNA’s website, Diversity & Inclusion
 







Society | Respect for Human Rights


 
Toyota is taking various measures to realize protection of human rights.
Civilians in certain regions around the world are being subjected to massacres, plunder, abduction, conscription of child soldiers, and other inhumane conduct as a result of armed conﬂict, thereby giving rise to international condemnation. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), which is located in central Africa, the unlawful mining and smuggling of the country’s abundant mineral resources is said to be a major source of funding for armed groups.
Toyota undertakes business with a strong awareness that violations of human rights, environmental degradation, unlawful mining, and other issues in these conﬂict regions as well as the issue of minerals that provide sources of funding to armed groups
 
through such actions are major social issues concerning the supply chain.
Toyota has conducted a reasonable country of origin inquiry with due diligence for its products since May 2013. A report summing up the survey results for the period during January- December of 2015 was compiled in the 2015 Form SD and Conﬂict Minerals Report and submitted to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 31, 2016.
We aim at procurement and usage that are free from conﬂict minerals originated in the DRC or an adjoining country and relating to illegal conduct including human rights infringement. For that purpose, Toyota will work together with parts suppliers, automotive industry organizations and other relevant organizations.
 

 

Toyota’s Policy on Conﬂict Minerals
Toyota has adopted Policies and Approaches to Conﬂict Minerals Issues—a set of guidelines the company is supposed to refer to in tackling conﬂict minerals issues. Based on the guidelines, Toyota is dealing with the issues.
Meanwhile, the company revised the Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines in 2012, asking its suppliers to engage in responsible material procurement.


 







Society | Respect for Human Rights

Establishment of an In-house System, Industry-to-industry Collaboration,
and Participation in Public-private Alliance for Responsible Minerals Trade (PPA)

 
In 2011, Toyota launched a cross sectional task force in charge of dealing with conﬂict minerals issues. The team, formally called the Conﬂict Minerals task force, consists of representatives
from relevant departments such as corporate planning (current governance management), purchasing, accounting, public relations, external affairs, legal and material engineering within the company. The team has begun considering what actions are to be taken regarding conﬂict minerals.
Also in 2011, Toyota set up a working group on conﬂict minerals jointly with the JAPIA.*1 The move represented the domestic automotive industry-wide efforts to cope with issues associated with conﬂict minerals.
In 2012, Toyota and its parts suppliers belonging to the JAPIA joined hands in conducting a trial-based survey on conﬂict minerals used in their products, kicking off their preparations for launching full-ﬂedged investigation into the issues.
In 2013, the Japan Conﬂict-free Sourcing Working Group was established by automakers and companies belonging to the JEITA.*2 Main activities undertaken by the Japan Conﬂict- free Sourcing Working Group include the investigation of identity
regarding ﬁrms engaging in smelting in conﬂicted areas and making
visits to organizations representing smelters.
The association has been also pressing for smelters to obtain a certiﬁcate conﬁrming that minerals they use in their products are DRC conﬂict-free.
Toyota’s efforts to work with other industry groups on the issue
of conﬂict minerals are not limited to activities in Japan.
Toyota has been working globally to deal with the issue. For example, the company has participated in a working group set up by the AIAG,*3 a U.S. group tasked with setting code of conduct for the auto industry. Toyota has been also cooperating with the CFSI*4
 
through activities of each working group.
Through AIAG, we supported and contributed to CFSI activities.
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary of Toyota, is Co-Leader of AIAG’s Smelter Engagement Team and has contacted 104 smelters/reﬁners between April and December, 2015, performing smelters’ survey and encouraging them to participate in the Conﬂict-Free Smelter Program (CFSP).
In addition, Toyota has participated in the Public-private Alliance for Responsible Minerals Trade (PPA*5), a multi-sector initiative whose members include the U.S. government, industry organizations and citizen groups. The PPA encourages responsible minerals trade that is free from material procurement in certain areas marred by regional conflict, including the DRC or an adjoining country, and coordinates support to organizations engaged in the critical work to develop conflict-free supply chains.
Toyota agrees with the spirit of the PPA’s efforts, and considers resolving issues that may hinder the trading of legitimate mineral resources in those countries. For this purpose, it refrains from requesting suppliers to not use any minerals in the area,
regardless of their relation to human rights violations. Based on that awareness, it believes promoting initiatives industry-wide for use of materials that are free from conflict at smelters who are upstream
in the supply chain is one way to resolve human right infringement issues and ultimately develop a more civil society.
As a result of the industry-wide cooperation outlined above, the number of conflict-free smelters and refiners worldwide has been increased to 206 as of November 2015.*6 Toyota has confirmed that 201 out of those 206 conflict-free smelters were named by our suppliers in response to our request for the 2015 survey.
 

 

*1 JAPIA: Japan Auto Parts Industries Association (http://www.japia.or.jp/)
*2 JEITA: Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association (http://www.jeita.or.jp/)
*3 AIAG: Automotive Industry Action Group (https://www.aiag.org/)
*4 CFSI: Conﬂict-Free Sourcing Initiative (http://www.conﬂictfreesourcing.org/)
*5 PPA: The Public-private Alliance for Responsible Minerals Trade (http://www.resolv.org/site-ppa/)
*6 Toyota started analysis of the survey results in November 2015


Overview of Industry-to-industry Collaboration
 







Society | Respect for Human Rights

 
Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry
1.	Details of Surveys Implemented in 2015
In May 2013, Toyota launched a full-scale reasonable country of origin inquiry. Since then, the survey has been conducted globally, covering its subsidiaries operating both in Japan and abroad. In 2015, Toyota carried out the survey for all kinds of
business undertaken by Toyota, including automobiles and marine transportation equipment. Tracing back through our supply chains globally, suppliers operating in Japan and overseas were asked
to check if conﬂict minerals have made their way into the supply
chains of their products.
We contacted suppliers that did not respond to our request by a speciﬁed date, and collected Conﬂict Mineral Reporting Templates (CMRTs) from more than 6,000 suppliers in total.
We have reviewed suppliers’ CMRTs and requested them to make corrections if there are errors and/or omissions in order to effectively improve our efforts associated with conﬂict minerals.
Before the survey began, Toyota held a brieﬁng session for suppliers while formulating a manual detailing how to ﬁll in the survey sheet and developing a tool used to compile survey results. Also, Toyota supported a brieﬁng session co-sponsored by JAPIA and JEITA. Further, we have been collaborating with our suppliers via regular communications, made possible by our strong and close relationships. As we have been closely communicating with major Tier-1 suppliers, some of the feedback we received from them was integrated into conﬂict minerals survey-related materials, such as survey manuals, FAQs and other tools. Those materials
 


are provided to suppliers free of charge, with the aim to provide support on the survey.
In addition, Toyota has been doing its due diligence regarding identiﬁcation of the origin of minerals being used by its suppliers, and their distribution and production processes in line with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conﬂict-affected and High-risk Areas.
Based on the risks identiﬁed through the due diligence, the issue has been discussed in management, then the company designed and implemented a strategy to respond to such risk, which was documented as a risk management plan.
For domestic and overseas suppliers for Toyota brand and Lexus brand vehicles, we have identiﬁed priority suppliers for following up to mitigate the identiﬁed risk in accordance with the internally-developed criteria and procedures.

2.	Results of Surveys Implemented in 2015
The 2015 survey results were incorporated into Form SD and
Conﬂict Minerals Report which have been ﬁled to the SEC.
Automobile supply chains are broad and complex, and as a result, in many instances the 2015 survey was not able to identify smelters/refiners and mines in upstream portions of the supply chain.
 

Details of Survey Results

(i) Conflict minerals’ country of origin	Because sufficient information to identify a portion of the smelters/refiners and the countries of origin of conflict minerals was not provided by its suppliers, Toyota was unable to determine if any of its products to be DRC* conflict-free.
(ii) Facilities used to process conflict minerals	During the course of our due diligence on the source and chain of custody of the necessary conflict minerals, Toyota has collected information on some, but not all, of its smelters/refiners. Among those smelters/refiners, we found some of them processed minerals sourced in the DRC or an adjoining country. However, through our due diligence, we were unable to obtain sufficient information to determine whether those conflict minerals were from mines which financed or benefited any armed group.
As for an In-house System for handling the inquiries on details of survey results, it is designed that all the inquiries we receive from outside parties are raised to the Conflict Minerals task force and discussed among the members of the team.

Future Efforts
Toyota aims to become a company which does not use conﬂict minerals originating from the DRC or an adjoining country that were mined and sold under the control of armed forces to ﬁnance conﬂict and violation of human rights, as materials for their products. Toyota has pledged to become DRC conﬂict free in collaboration with suppliers. Toyota ﬁnds it necessary to establish the environment that enables implementation of survey and due diligence through gathering information on smelters and lobbying to organizations of smelters. For that environment to be created, Toyota will work with industry and other groups.

 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners
Collaboration with Business Partners


 
In order to contribute to society through monozukuri (manufacturing) and put into practice the principle of “Customer First,” it is necessary to undertake various activities in a spirit of shared principles, cooperation, and collaboration with our business partners such as suppliers and dealers.
 
Toyota pursues open and fair business activities, and engages in ongoing CSR initiatives while enhancing cooperation with
business partners to raise quality in terms of safety and customer conﬁdence, and works to further raise customer satisfaction.
 


 
wer




[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Suppliers	Continued initiatives to promote CSR measures in the supply chain
Addressed issues concerning human rights in the supply chain including the issue of conflict minerals	Continue and reinforce the activities described to the left regarding the supply chain
Dealers	Provided information to dealers through CSR website Revised CSR checklist
Proposed and carried out social contribution activities from local perspectives
Developed J-ReBORN Plan	Continue CSR activities (noted on the left) working together with the dealers and promoted J-ReBORN Plan
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners
Collaboration with Suppliers


 
Since its establishment, Toyota has sought to work closely with its suppliers in its manufacturing activities. In good times and bad, Toyota and its suppliers have faced the same issues together and
Toyota has built strong and close relationships with them according to the spirit of mutual beneﬁt based on mutual trust. With the recent globalization of business activities Toyota will cherish these ties— including those with new partners—and will promote the Customer First Policy together with them.
Toyota believes that the most important task in purchasing is to build close relationships in which Toyota and suppliers do business
 
on an equal footing based on mutual respect, thus building ﬁrm
bonds of trust and promoting mutual growth and development.
It is also important to contribute to the sustainable development of society and the sustainability of the earth by working with suppliers in various countries and regions to ensure legal compliance and respect for human rights, and to carry out initiatives that contribute to local communities and global society.
Toyota’s global purchasing activities based on close cooperation revolve around the following three policies making up the Basic Purchasing Policies.
 


 
Basic Policies at Toyota Purchasing

1.	Fair Competition Based on an Open-door Policy
Toyota is open to any and all suppliers, regardless of nationality, size, or whether they have done business with us before.
Our choice of suppliers is purely on the basis of business considerations.
We evaluate the overall strengths of prospective suppliers, including their quality, technological capabilities, and reliability in delivering the required quantities on time.
In addition, we consider their operational approach and systems for tackling ongoing reform and efforts addressing social responsibilities, such as environmental issues.
 


2.	Mutual Benefit Based on Mutual Trust
We believe in developing mutually beneficial, long-term relationships based on mutual trust. To foster that trust, we pursue close and wide-ranging communication with suppliers.
3.	Contributing to Local Economic Vitality through Localization: Good Corporate Citizenship
Toyota is vigorously promoting local production in response to demand for automobiles in each region worldwide. For local production, we actively procure from local suppliers, including parts, materials, tools, equipment and others materials. In this way, we aim to contribute to the local society and act as a good corporate citizen.
 



Implementation of the Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines
 
At Toyota, we believe it is important to engage in coordination with suppliers, and issued the Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines in
February 2009. Toyota suppliers are asked to implement their own independent CSR activities based on the Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines, and in turn expand their individual CSR policies and guidelines to their own suppliers.
Furthermore, in December 2012, Toyota revised the guidelines
 
to clearly indicate to companies in its supply chain its principles regarding human rights issues (strengthening of monitoring and corrective actions, and approaches towards conﬂict minerals) in order to enhance and strengthen the global scale of CSR initiatives.
 


Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines

 	Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines		http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/society/partners/supplier_csr_en.pdf 
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners

 
[ Major Initiatives ]
Initiatives towards Respecting Human Rights in Supply Chains
Toyota developed the Toyota Supplier CSR Guidelines to its suppliers, clearly indicating its policy of respecting human rights and what it expects of its suppliers, and has expanded them.
Furthermore, as part of efforts to strengthen its initiatives regarding human rights and labor issues, Toyota created a new questionnaire to assess the situation at each supplier. When necessary, Toyota asks the supplier to make improvements and follows up on improvement activities.
 


Promoting Environmental Activities in Supply Chains
Toyota believes that it is important to work with the suppliers to carry out environmental activities and therefore established the Toyota Green Purchasing Guidelines.
In January 2016, Toyota published a revised edition based on the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050. The main revisions include enhancing initiatives such as for greenhouse gases (GHG) and biodiversity, reinforcing lifecycle perspectives and strengthening the supply chain management.
 

 	For details, see Environmental Report 2016 (P8) 

 
Approaches towards Conﬂict Minerals Issue
Based on its Policies and Approaches to Conﬂict Minerals Issues, Toyota strives to procure conﬂict-free raw materials that do not involve human rights infringements or other abuses. We conduct investigations that trace global supply chains and by taking measures to avoid use in cases where there are concerns that raw materials are being used as a source of funds for armed groups.
 
Corruption Prevention Measures in Supply Chains
In response to the global expansion of its business and rising societal demands, Toyota adopted the Anti-Bribery Guidelines in 2012 to completely eliminate corruption. Toyota is strengthening its preventive measures and working to prevent corruption by informing business partners of its anti-corruption stance.
 

 	For details, see Respect for Human Rights (P34) 


 
Ssou0p5p_0o3rt for the CSR Activities of Suppliers
Toyota asks its suppliers to practice CSR and sponsors the CSR Study Meetings every year in order to support their CSR activities.
Toyota is also working to propagate knowledge about CSR in general and to raise awareness about various issues such as “Why CSR needs to be promoted” and “Why the entire supply chain must also be included.”

Main Initiatives during FY2015
[ Japan ]
CSR Study Meetings targeting 500 persons from 300 suppliers were conducted to address compliance (management of conﬁdential information) and environmental issues. On the subject of managing conﬁdential information, the meetings addressed recent trends in information security to promote a better understanding of this issue.

[ Overseas ]
Toyota participates in the supplier CSR education program of the Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG)* to support its overseas suppliers in their activities to promote CSR. In the previous ﬁscal year, Toyota participated in the development of the Supplier Responsibility Training Project, an e-learning program that is a new training tool which enables suppliers to undergo training through the AIAG website, and will continue working to help raise awareness of CSR across its supply chains.
 


CSR Study Meeting
 

* AIAG (Automotive Industry Action Group) :
An organization which lays down the code of conduct in the U.S. automobile industry (https://www.aiag.org/)
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners

Suppliers’ CSR Activities
Toyota suppliers also voluntarily engage in various activities to promote CSR.


 
CSR Lecture
Toyota’s supplier associations, Kyohokai and Eihokai, jointly hold an annual
CSR lecture with the aim of improving member companies’ awareness and understanding of CSR and encouraging the implementation of CSR initiatives. In July 2015, a lecture entitled “Rising Expectations on Companies Working Toward Creating a Sustainable Society” was given and specific case studies were presented.
 
CSR Workshop
Eihokai holds CSR workshops followed by CSR lectures and study meetings. In CSR workshops, the participants divide into sub-groups and exchange opinions on each theme. Through these activities,
participants study the initiatives being taken by member companies in order to improve the level of CSR initiatives at all suppliers.
 
Volunteer Activities
As part of the initiative to promote CSR, Kyohokai and Eihokai jointly held volunteer- staffed goods collection drives (collecting unneeded cell phones, miswritten pre-paid postcards, unused postal stamps, etc.) to help people in the areas hit by the Great East Japan Earthquake. The proceeds from these collection drives were donated to the local government in the affected area (Iwate Prefecture).
 









CSR Lecture	CSR Workshop	Volunteer Welfare Council
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners
Collaboration with Sales Networks
 
Dealers/distributors are the front line where Toyota’s “Customer First” principle is directly observed. Toyota and its dealers/distributors always work as one to enhance customer satisfaction based on a strong relationship of trust, close two-way communication, and the shared value of Toyota products and services.



 
The Toyota domestic sales network comprises approximately 280 dealers, operating around 5,500 sales outlets including used car outlets. Under the Customer First policy, we have a “Customer First, Dealer Second, Manufacturer Third” concept. Toyota supports
 
the dealers to make concerted efforts of meeting customer expectations with a goal of raising their level of satisfaction. We believe, through these efforts, we can realize dealer success, which ultimately leads to Toyota’s growth.
 

 

 
The Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council (TNDAC) established the special CSR study group and created the TNDAC CSR Guidelines in 2005. In 2006, They adopted the Toyota Dealers CSR Declaration to promote uniﬁed CSR activities involving all Toyota dealers in Japan.
The TNDAC CSR Guidelines are based on the three pillars of Compliance, Environment, and Social Contribution. The guidelines promote activities that help dealers improve the satisfaction level of customers and stakeholders as well as encourage the entire Toyota Group to be proactive and engage in CSR initiatives in order to have a presence that is respected and liked by people in the global and
 
local communities.
Being on the frontline in contact with customers, each dealer establishes a basic CSR policy and engages in activities according to that policy. Using a self-auditing tool called the “CSR Checklist” made up of nearly 400 items, dealers are consistently going through the Plan-Do-Check-Act cycle and reporting their activity results to TNDAC each year.
Toyota is sharing its know-how, including the checklist system, auditing method, and textbook creation, to support the CSR activities of dealers.
 

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Overview of Toyota’s Support Toward Toyota Dealers’ Activities
 
The TNDAC adopted the Toyota Dealers CSR Declaration, and Toyota provides support for CSR activities that encourages dealers to voluntarily promote.
The CSR Support website was launched in 2006 to help share information. CSR and compliance related education and promotion
 
tools as well as a collection of past initiatives are created and distributed, and Toyota also shares information through seminars and lectures held by the TNDAC. In FY2015, the CSR Check List (created in 2006) was revised.
 

TNDAC’s Major CSR Initiatives
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners

Jso-0R5e_B07ORN Plan Hopes to invigorate Japan with Dealers
 
To respond to changes in the Japanese automotive market due to depopulation, aging and a shrinking market, in FY2015 Toyota established the J-ReBORN Plan, a new domestic sales strategy scheduled to start from FY2016. The plan is rooted in the idea of
using the dealer network to revitalize each region and Japan overall.
 
Toyota has coined the slogan “Ever Better Dealerships” and is working together with the dealers to promote activities that attract everyone including customers. Toyota is taking on the challenge to try and win back as many car fans as possible.
 


 
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners

TOYOTA GAZOO Racing Increases Enjoyment for Car Enthusiasts and Fans through Motor Sports Activities
 
TOYOTA GAZOO Racing is motor sports activities, such as the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC), the FIA World Rally Championship (WRC*) and the 24 Hours Nürburgring endurance race in Germany as a means our technology and skills for making cars as well as developing employee personnel. Sports cars such as the GRMN and G’s were developed thanks to our experience in the 24 Hours Nürburgring endurance race, and hybrid technology
used in WEC is also used in our hybrid car like the Prius. In addition to these world class races, Toyota is also involved with races in Japan such as the Japan Rally Championship, Super GT and Super Formula and aims to increase motor sport and car enthusiasts through these activities.
Toyota also hosts and cosponsors races all over Japan
 
including the 86/BRZ Race and TGR Rally Challenge where the visitors can actually participate, or Waku-Doki Driving where visitors can actually run the
circuit in their own cars. These events are quite a popular venue for visitors to experience
the thrill of racing and for car enthusiasts to get
together.
Race car in 24 Hours Nürburgring endurance race in 2016. TOYOTA C-HR Racing (Car No.326)


* Planned to participate in the WRC from 2017.
 



TOYOTA GAZOO Racing Park Offers Car Experience in Motor Sports Event
 
The TOYOTA GAZOO Racing Park is an event where visitors ranging from children to adults can experience the pleasure of cars.
Last year, the race event was held on the circuit track but also included 12 different venues in all with approximately 200,000 visitors. The event also featured activities that incorporated the different aspects of motor sports, offering visitors a chance to experience the pleasure and appeal of cars.
This year in addition to race tracks, more events will be held in commercial buildings in throughout Japan. Toyota plans to more than double the number of race events from 12 to 25 and hopefully
 
expand our fan base of car enthusiasts as well. Toyota will also continue to develop and roll out more new activities for children and women.




Lots of activities to enjoy for both kids and adults
 


Tsoh0e5_T0o8yota First Experience Program, a Traveling Classroom at Elementary Schools All over Japan
 
The Toyota First Experience Program aims to nurture future car fans by providing children of the “virtual era” with opportunities to gain real-life experience through all ﬁve senses and to experience the global environment and economy up close. This program works together with dealers to encourage activities that are rooted in the community and offers a “traveling classroom” that visits elementary schools in the area.
The classroom activities offer learning in a fun way using a hands-on experience for the students. The fourth grade activity covers the car mechanics that is linked with their science curriculum. The ﬁfth grade activity is related more to
the environment and economics and uses an actual car, model or game as part of their social class. In FY2015, the traveling
classroom visited 426 schools all over Japan, providing activities for
 
20,803 students. Since starting in 2008, the program has provided class activities to approximately 120,000 children in 2,376 schools.
One fourth grader commented: “It is so cool that the engine is able to move a car that is so heavy!” A ﬁfth grader also added: “It is pretty amazing that there are cars that only give off a little bit of CO2 or don’t give off any at all. I am excited to see what kind of eco-cars will be around in the
future.” These and other comments show that the program is creating an opportunity for children to become interested in cars.

Hands-on activity showing kids how heavy a car is
 

 	Toyota First Experience Program		http://www.toyota.co.jp/gentaiken/ 
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners

Lsoe0t5’s_0H9elp Protect the Global Environment and Nature in Our Hometowns: Aqua Social FES!!
 
As part of the hybrid car “Aqua” branding campaign, the “Aqua Social FES!!” was started in 2012 as a global environmental protection and conservation program related to water. A wide variety of action programs have been developed in all 47 prefectures, from Hokkaido to Okinawa.
Toyota is in charge of the overall ASF planning, promotion
and execution, and the speciﬁc action program development and
operations are carried out by regional NPOs and local newspapers.
Recently thanks to its activities, the ASF is creating a social ripple effect where, for example, local governmental bodies have budgeted for environmental restoration costs or local companies
used the ASF as part of an instruction course for their employees. In addition, dealers are building a deeper connection with local residents by participating in activities and providing operations staff, who perform duties such as reception tasks and giving directions in parking lots. There are also cases of dealers who embrace the ASF philosophy and independently hold their own ASF activities.
In FY2015, Toyota used web media to focus on the “people” from ASF participating NPOs and organizations all over Japan, introducing day-to-day activities and their inspiration to join in these activities. A conference was also held to promote “Let’s make Likes of tomorrow!” which invites representatives from said NPOs and organizations from all over Japan to think about the future of ASF.
Four years after starting, the ASF events were held 445
 
questionnaire, there were a high number of participants who said that they can identify or were interested with the brand Aqua.
In 2016, the ASF was given the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in The Japan Water Prize [Honorary president:
Prince Akishino, Chairman: Mamoru Mohri] , a unique award given to all individuals and organizations who research water-environment issues in Japan.
They evaluated ASF since it does not just include conventional CSR activities, but Toyota came up with a new program to support local active organizations as promotional activities using advertising revenue, as well as since these activities were effectively preserving water resources all over Japan.


Examples of action programs
Let’s keep Nakatsu River clean forever for the salmon run (Iwate Prefecture)
Let’s protect life in the Yodo River like eels and freshwater clams! (Osaka Prefecture) Let’s protect the surrounding mountains and rice paddies
 
times with 45,608 participants, including a total of 5,343 dealer employees who also participated. In the results from the
 
(Nagasaki Prefecture)
 
Group photo following an event
 

 


Ties Between Dealers and Toyota Strengthened in Prius Cup (Fuel Efﬁciency Competition)
 
The Prius Cup is a circuit race where cars compete to see which team can achieve the best fuel efﬁciency. The competition was started in 2007 to strengthen ties between dealers and Toyota, and it even started to be held at branch locations. Since 2011, a national competition is now being held where the winning dealer teams in each area gather to compete.
In the race, each dealer team and the Toyota team compete using the technique of the service staff to see who can get the best fuel efﬁciency. In addition, the dealers and Toyota manufacturers collaborate together to put on this event, which helps visitors develop a better understanding of eco-driving and gives them
a hands-on experience to feel the Waku-doki (excitement and exhilaration that wows you).
In FY2015, a competition was held at each branch location in the Kinki, Chubu and Kanto regions, completing the third round of regional competitions for the Prius Cup. At the Kanto regional race
 
competition held at Twin Ring Motegi, the mileage for the top team reached 49.1 km on 1 liter, giving participants a chance to polish up their eco-driving skills over the course of the competitions.
Furthermore, there were more than 15,000 participants in the Prius Cup at the end of the third round of races. The event is expanding its base more and more using effective stipulations, such as the same drivers being
unable to participate more than once, only new members can compete or making it mandatory to have
female team members.

Racing vehicles taking off from the grid all together
 







Society | Collaboration with Business Partners
Collaboration with Overseas Dealers and Distributors
 

 
The overseas dealers and distributors are important Toyota partners that are crucial in achieving ever-better cars for customers worldwide. Toyota has approximately 170 distributors and around
 
10,000 dealers located overseas that are involved in activities rooted in the local community that help promote and create Toyota’s fan base.
 


 

 
Toyota’s sales operations are divided into 7 regions (excluding Japan) throughout the world: North America, Europe, Africa, China, Asia/the Middle East/North Africa, East Asia/Oceania and Latin America and the Caribbean, and the sales system provides the best cars and services according to the market characteristics of each region.
In addition, Toyota strives to ensure ever-better cars by listening to the customer feedback from our overseas distributors and dealers because the car usage conditions and environment as well as the required functions and services can vary greatly depending on the region and country.
In order to respond better and more appropriately to these different local needs, in 2013, Toyota set up the business units Toyota No.1, primarily in charge of developed nations (North America, Europe, Africa and Japan) and Toyota No.2, in charge of emerging nations (China, Asia/the Middle East/North Africa, East Asia/Oceania, Latin America & Caribbean), in order to oversee each regional headquarters. In developed nations with a mature car market, replacement demands must be pursued and products with advanced technology must be developed. On the other hand, issues in the emerging nations include the prompt introduction of
products that match the exploding market needs and acquiring new customers. This two business unit system enables Toyota to make a concerted effort toward product planning and sales strategies as well as support for local promotion activities that are more carefully
 
geared to respond to these types of market characteristics. Under this system, Toyota cooperates with distributors by region and country to deliver ever-better cars that meet the needs of customers in each market. Since 1984, a Global Conference has been held every four years to bring together all the overseas distributors and dealers as well as the entire executive team of
Toyota. At this conference, Toyota shares policies and strategies as well as expresses their appreciation for the hard work put in every day by the overseas distributors and dealers in order to improve customer satisfaction.

 
North America Region, Europe Region, Africa Region and Japan Sales Business Group

 
China Region, Asia, Middle East & North Africa Region,
East Asia & Oceania Region, Latin America & Caribbean Region
 



Environmental Initiatives Put into Practice in Collaboration with Overseas Dealers and Distributors
Toyota is working with domestic and overseas dealers and distributors to create measures such as developing personnel and creating stores that are environmentally-friendly and lowering potential environmental risks through promotion activities.

   For details, see Environmental Management (Promote Environmental Activities in Cooperation with Business Partners (Dealers and Distributors): P101) 
 







Society | Employees
Employees


 
Toyota’s philosophy regarding its employees, who support its stable base of business, has been systematically organized as the Toyota Way in Human Resources Management.
The goal of the Toyota Way in Human Resources Management is the realization of management that shows respect for people, that is, to enable all employees to exercise their abilities to think, be creative, and utilize their strengths to the maximum extent possible by providing them with opportunities to achieve social contribution and self-actualization through their work.
For this goal to be achieved, “a relationship of mutual trust and
 
mutual responsibility between labor and management”* is essential, in which the company gives the highest priority to ensuring
stable employment for its employees and strives to improve labor conditions, while all employees execute their duties and responsibilities for the prosperity of the company.
This philosophy is shared by all Toyota afﬁliates around the world, and is reﬂected and implemented in management and various policies. Toyota believes that these initiatives will not only lead to the realization of management that shows respect for people, but also to customer satisfaction and social contribution.
 
Concept of the Toyota Way in Human Resources Management that Helps Build a Work Environment in which Employees Can Work in a Harmonious Manner



 
Every year, Toyota brings all the personnel managers together from
the main afﬁliates all over the world, including the Head Ofﬁce. They hold discussions on how to build a work environment in which employees can trust the company, how to build a framework that promotes constant and voluntary improvement, how to develop
 
human resources and how to work on nurturing teamwork. The content of those discussions is used for each afﬁliate to make policy the following year in order to implement policy to realize Personnel and Labor Toyota Way consistently.
 

 
 







Society | Employees

[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Safety and health	Established a culture that promotes interactive development of safety, and continue activities based on people, work, and workplace
Expanded and reinforced protective instructions based on a pre-examination approach and data analysis Results: 27.2% over BMI standards
( △ 0.5% compared to last year)
Implemented and continued programs to enhance awareness of mental health and prevent problems
Results: ±0% new sick leave, △ 0.06% recurring sick
leave compared to last year	Establish a culture that promotes interactive development of safety, and continue activities based on people, work, and workplace
Reinforce pre-examination approach based on data analysis and expand health guidance
Enhance awareness of mental health and promote programs to prevent problems
Human resources development	Established On-the-Job Training in order to reinforce a culture of teaching and learning
Reinforced collaboration between training for executive candidates at overseas affiliates and individual human resources
Set up global training exercises	Plan and launch the Training of Newly Appointed Executives in the Toyota Group
Create a program for early development of executive staff
Diversity	Developed and integrated programs to promote women’s participation in the workplace
Continued developing frameworks for employees to improve their skills and continue working after retirement until the age of 65	Reinforce initiatives designed to accelerate programs that promote women’s participation in the workplace
Develop a framework for employees to improve their skills and continue working after retirement until the age of 65

 
[ Major Initiatives ]
Results of Employee Satisfaction Survey
By providing its employees with opportunities to achieve social contribution and self-actualization through work, Toyota aims to enable all employees to exercise their abilities to think, be creative, and utilize their strengths to the maximum extent possible. Toyota conducts an employee satisfaction survey every other year to provide an index for measuring the results of these efforts and utilizes the analysis results for planning and implementing measures that will enable employees to work without worry.
The survey conducted in FY2015 of shop ﬂoor employees indicated a 71.9 percent satisfaction rate. The reasons given were the same as in FY2013 (previous survey): “Pay level” being the most common reason, followed by “Human relations at the workplace”
Results of Employee Satisfaction Survey (Japan)
Administrative and engineering employees	Shop floor employees
 




and “Work quality and level.”
The employee satisfaction survey conducted in FY2014 of administrative and engineering employees indicated a 77.2 percent satisfaction rate. The most common reason given was the “work quality and level” followed by “pay level” and “human relations at the workplace.”
According to the same survey conducted every other year overseas, in FY2014, there was an afﬁrmative response rate of 76 percent (+2% from previous year) for administrative and engineering employees and 72 percent (±0% from previous year) for shop ﬂoor employees.

Results of Employee Satisfaction Survey (Overseas)
Administrative and engineering employees	Shop floor employees
 






 

’08
 

’10
 

’12
 

’14 (FY)
 

’07
 

’09
 

’11    ’13
 

’15 (FY)
 

’08
 

’10
 

’12
 

’14 (FY)
 

’08
 

’10
 

’12
 

’14 (FY)
 

Results of 2014 Employee Satisfaction Survey
(Administrative and Engineering Employees): Reasons for Affirmative Responses
 

Results of 2015 Employee Satisfaction Survey
(Shop Floor Employees): Reasons for Affirmative Responses
 

 	 
 







Society | Employees
Safety and Health
 

Ensuring employee safety and health is one of Toyota’s most important business activities and has a universal and timeless value. Upon assuming the position of General Safety and Health Supervisor in 1957, then Senior Managing Ofﬁcer Eiji Toyoda explained his basic stance on safety and health: “Safe work is ‘the gate’ to all work. Let us pass through this gate.” With this basic philosophy always in mind, Toyota is striving to create a dynamic working environment that is conducive to the mental and physical well-being of its employees.




[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]

 
Promotion of Three-pronged Approach to Safety and Health
In FY2015, “Building a culture that promotes interactive development of safety and health” remained part of the global corporate direction from the previous
 


Frequency  of  Industrial  Accidents (Frequency rate of lost workday cases: Japan)
 
year. Toyota implemented initiatives to promote compliance with basic rules
 
All industries
 
Manufacturing industry
 
with executives and managers taking leadership roles and all personnel participating so that employees at every worksite are aware of the risks present and take preventive independent action as Toyota aims to make safety and health a custom and culture of the company. The global rate of lost-workday incidents decreased 0.14 from FY2014.
 

(%)
2

1.5

1
 
Automobile manufacturing industry
 
Toyota
 

Three-pronged Approach to Safety
 


Developing people
 

0.5

0
 



’10	’11
 



’12	’13	’14	’15
 



(CY)
 
Raising the ability of each employee to detect risks (education, OJT), activities undertaken with
the participation of all employees
Risk management Promotion of a safety management system

Environment and facility preparation Provision of safe machines and a comfortable workplace environment
 
Data source: All industries, management industry, and automobile manufacturing industry (2015 Survey on Industrial Accidents by the Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare)


Frequency of Industrial Accidents
(Frequency rate of lost workday cases: Global)
Frequency rate of lost workday cases
(%)
2

1.5

1

0.5
 

 
0
’10	’11
 

’12	’13	’14	’15
 

(CY)
 







Society | Employees

Global Safety Measures
Toyota is promoting safety and health measures in overseas regions, primarily through regional headquarters. Toyota is currently working with each region to continue to develop the safety management system (OSHMS*) globally by creating a system that incorporates not only unique regional requirements
but requirements that are shared throughout the world. Using this approach, weaknesses can also be identiﬁed through genchi genbutsu (on-site hands-on experience) in order to improve safety management.
Toyota also holds an annual global safety conference, attended by managers responsible for safety and health in each region. By studying measures for handling common issues and sharing information on unique activities and best practices in each region, the conference participants raise the level of safety and health activities.
* OSHMS: Occupational Safety and Health Management System


Structure for Sharing Global Information and Collaboration
By collaborating with regional headquarters
and production affiliates and sharing various
 
types of information, Toyota is globally improving its safety and health measures.
 

TME
(Belgium)	TTCC (China)

TMC
 


TEMA (U.S.A.)
 



Regional headquarters Production affiliates
Dissemination of information within each region
 
TMAP-EM (Thailand)




TSAM
(South Africa)
 

TDV
(Venezuela)


TDB
(Brazil)
TASA
(Argentina)
 


 
 







Society | Employees

Creating a Safe Work Environment for On-premise Suppliers (Construction, Contracting, Outsourcing, Delivery, etc.)
 
At Toyota, improvements to the work environment continue to be made by providing opportunities to communicate and tackling each issue in order to ensure outside workers can work safely on the premises. For example, when performing routine cleaning and inspection of equipment, improvements to the work environment
 
are made for problem areas, such as adding lights for dark work spaces or installing gripping to slippery footholds.
Going forward, we will continue to carry out improvements that address each issue confronting actual workers so that the improvements can be established globally.
 


 
Building Up Good Health (Japan)
In FY2015, Toyota set a target of building the foundations to establish a culture of health and implemented measures centered on developing healthy people and healthy worksites and health improvement programs based on medical examinations. To address the development of healthy people and healthy worksites, Toyota is committed to improving lifestyle habits for each and every person by using a “PDCA for Improving Health” worksheet at individual workplaces. The persons in charge also implemented
support measures at individual workplaces, for example, promoting physical exercise and conducting lectures on diet and nutrition.
 


people lose weight and stop smoking. The BMI and the smoking rate were down when compared to FY2014, and going forward, Toyota will continue to implement these programs.


*1 BIP2: Lifestyle habit improvement campaign that uses BMI and smoking rate as two indices as part of the Behavior Change Innovation Program
*2 BMI: The body mass index is a measure of body fat that is calculated based on the following formula: Weight (kg) / (Height (m) × Height (m)). The goal of Toyota’s campaign for its employees is a BMI less than 24.2


Percent of Employees with
 
Toyota also granted worksite awards to workplaces that worked actively to improve health and took other measures to invigorate health improvement programs and create a culture of health.
In terms of health improvement programs based on medical examinations, Toyota provides support for better lifestyle habits. This support focuses on health BIP2*1 programs (BMI*2 reduction in anti-smoking measures) which include lectures that provide health information to a wider range of subjects and campaigns that help
 
a BMI of 24.2 or More
(%) 30




25




20
 
Smoking Rate
（％）
 
’11	’12	’13
 
’14
 
’15 (CY)
 
’11	’12	’13	’14
 
’15 (CY)
 

 
Bolstering Mental Health Care (Japan)
In FY2015, Toyota conducted Self-care and Line Care Training with the aim of preventing mental health problems from occurring or recurring.
Self-care Training targets new and young employees and helps teach them how to identify warning signs and deal with stress. In Line Care Training, communications training is conducted with a focus on listening for supervisors who watch and directly supervise subordinates, in addition to psychological training for managers and newly appointed manager training in which they review case examples. Trainees receive advice on how to care for employees
at workplaces and collaborate with industrial health personnel. Guidelines on health consultations were established for industrial health personnel and efforts to standardize and systematize the
 


details of consultations began in 2012. In addition, the support system for employees who take sick leave and return to work was revised in 2016, enhancing measures to help support employees return to work smoothly and assist them in day-to-day activities following their return.

Newly appointed manager training
 

 
Health Management of Overseas Personnel
In FY2015, we continued to provide health check-ups for personnel assigned overseas, with in-house physicians and nurses providing advice via email to follow up on their health. In-house physicians routinely made rounds to check on health-related conditions at
 


local sites, and healthcare information was provided to locally stationed staff via the Internet. Information is also shared and communicated regularly with local contact personnel.
 







Society | Employees
Human Resource Development
 

 
Toyota is committed to developing human resources in accordance with the philosophy that “Monozukuri is about developing people.”
 
Five Key Values for The Toyota Way
 
In order to sustain growth, it is important to strive toward achieving people-centric monozukuri (manufacturing) and utilize people’s wisdom to make improvements day after day.
In order to support the globalization of business with the various cultures and customs that exist, all employees must share the same values to carry out policies such as ever-better cars and Customer First.
To ensure this, Toyota develops human resources for sustainable growth by implementing an educational program
 
Challenge
 	

Genchi Genbutsu
 	

 
 
Kaizen
 	

Respect
 	
 
centered on the Toyota Way globally, which is based on OJT* that is crucial for the development and passing down the tradition of excellent monozukuri (manufacturing).

* OJT: On-the-job training
 
 	For details, see Toyota Way 2001 (P6) 
 


 
Practice of the Toyota Way
We have organized and arranged job types and techniques into what we call “Global Content” to share values and ways of thinking so that The Toyota Way can be understood and practiced by Toyota employees working all over the world.
This Global Content is practiced by Toyota employees through training and OJT both in Japan and overseas. Workers share the Global Content,
 


List of Global Content
Administrative and Engineering employees
Policy management
Managing items to be implemented to accomplish workplace missions and create new value

Education of subordinates
Systems for training subordinates through one’s daily work
 




Shop floor employees

Skills and roles of management and supervision
•	Manager and supervisor skills for managing execution of standard operations
•	Group and team operational knowledge, etc. for managing irregularities
 
which act as a common language, giving Toyota
an advantage that uniﬁes everyone and providing a
platform to work more effectively.
 
Problem solving Techniques for improving current conditions in order to realize ideal working conditions
 
Ji kotei-kanketsu (built-in quality with ownership)
How to work in order to continually produce the best output
 
Production skills
 
•	Knowledge regarding recognizing irregularities and crucial points
•	Trouble-shooting capability
 
Basic skills  Minimum skills necessary for
production line work

Toyota Way   Values and ways of thinking that should be held by those working for Toyota
 







Society | Employees

 
[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Human Resource Development in the Workplace
In line with the Toyota Way, the foundation of human resource development at Toyota is on-the-job training (OJT) that emphasizes genchi genbutsu, and off-the-job training (OFF-JT*) opportunities for development are also created under the guidance of supervisors or superiors.
 





For example, Toyota provides a globally-shared training program, where employees ﬁrst participate in group training to learn steps for problem solving and then apply them in actual work duties.
* OFF-JT: Off the-Job Training
 

Transfer Program to TMC Head Ofﬁce from Overseas Afﬁliates
 
With the goal of promoting self-reliance in overseas afﬁliates, we have a program in place where employees temporarily transfer from overseas afﬁliates to the TMC (Toyota Motor Corporation) Head Ofﬁce for human resource development using OJT. Transferees focus on learning skills, know-how and the Toyota Way throughout their training period, which ranges from six months to three years.
 
In addition, executives of afﬁliates serve as a general manager at the Head Ofﬁce to learn about the decision-making process in Toyota and build a network with other employees.
As of May 2016, a total of 438 transferees from 59 afﬁliates in
30 countries were working in Japan under the program.
 

 

 
Study Dispatch Program for Young Employees
The scale of existing activities to dispatch young employees to posts overseas has been expanded, and a Study Dispatch Program was started in 2014 to accelerate the development and enhance the skills of young employees.
Employees in their fourth year or later with the company are dispatched to overseas subsidiaries, overseas graduate programs
 


(including MBA programs), or domestic afﬁliates to study for one to two years, acquire practical skills, deepen understanding of different cultures, and improve their language skills in the
workplace. 244 employees have been dispatched for the ﬁrst time
during FY2016.
 



Yui Nagamatsu, Marketing Planning Department, Customer First Planning Division (Joined in 2011)
 









Ms. Nagamatsu with the distribution outlet staff in Myanmar (Ms. Nagamatsu is fourth from the left)
 

Stationed at: TMAP-MS / Singapore
Period: January 2015 – January 2016
Toyota’s Responsibilities and Challenges for Customers Worldwide are Infinite
I was assigned to the regional headquarters Singapore and was in charge of Myanmar where automotive manufacturers had emerged one after another due to an easing of regulations. I worked with all local staff and was involved with creating service operations for the distribution outlet in order to deliver a safe and reliable car experience for the customers in Myanmar.
I was unable to communicate my thoughts and expectations using Japanese style meetings and documentation and had a hard time in the beginning. However, I made a conscious effort to consider the perspective and background of local staff as well as the local customs and listened carefully to them. Communication gradually improved and I finally started completing my work tasks one by one.
Through the Study Dispatch Program, I realized again that Toyota has customers all over the world and really came to understand that our responsibilities are infinite and there are many tasks and challenges that remain.
 







Society | Employees

QC Circle Activities in Approximately 50 Afﬁliates Covering 25 Countries are Crucial to Human Resource Development for the Shop Floor
 
Toyota is developing QC* Circle Activities as part of a system to develop human resources capable of carrying on its business activities on a global scale. The circles are formed primarily by employees in shop ﬂoor jobs, who actively engage in activities to identify and solve on-the-job problems. All employees come
together and participate, going beyond titles and positions, and try to raise the energy level of people and organizations.
 
QC circle activities started in 1964, and as of March 2016, there are approximately 110,000 participants in 51 afﬁliates overseas with approximately 38,000 participants in Japan. We promote and use the name G-QC Circle Activities in Japan to speciﬁcally refer to 3 themes: “Don’t forget our Genten roots,” “Genchi Genbutsu” (“on- site hands-on experience”) and “Apply Globally.”
* QC: Quality Control
 


Creative Suggestion System Which Offers Continuous Improvements
 
The Creative Suggestion System offers employees a chance to make proposals to improve general operations, with the aim of creating a worker-friendly environment and strengthening the character of the company. The system is not just results-oriented but offers a valuable process which strives to “Motivate employees and improve capabilities (Human resource development)” and “Create a workplace to promote improvements (Liven up the
 
workplace).”
These activities started in 1951 and over 40 million proposals have been submitted to date, supporting Toyota’s monozukuri (manufacturing) for more than 50 years. As suggested by Sakichi Toyoda’s words “Pursuing originality and ingenuity,” the spirit of Toyota is all about “Creative suggestion” and can be described as a system that puts into practice the Toyota Way.
 


 
 







Society | Employees
Diversity and Inclusion


For companies engaged in business around the world, it is important to promote activities of a diverse range of human resources while raising the skills of each individual employee. Toyota is establishing a corporate culture with abundant vitality by fostering human resources that include a diverse range of individuals.
Although the focus of respect for diversity varies in different countries and regions, Toyota strives to be a company with a working environment that promotes self- realization while respecting diversity of values and ideas among its employees.

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]
Measures to Promote Women’s Participation in the Workplace
 
Toyota has positioned the promotion of diversity in the workplace as an important management strategy and is undertaking measures to enable a diverse workforce to work with enthusiasm and a sense of purpose. With regard to promoting women’s
 
participation in the workplace, Toyota takes measures to support a work-life balance such as developing work environments
that enable women to continue working with conﬁdence while
performing childcare or nursing care for a family member.
 

Voluntary Action Plan for Promoting Women’s Participation in the Workplace

Toyota has decided on the following plan to build an environment to promote women’s participation in the workplace.
 
1.	Implementation Period
 

From April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2018
 
2.	Our Challenges Issue #1: The number of female employees is not large enough, and the average length of service of female engineers is shorter than that of male engineers.
Issue #2: The proportion of women in managerial positions is low.
3.	Targets	1) Employment rate of female graduates
Administrative: 40%, Engineering: 10%
2) Number of female managers
The number of women in managerial positions in 2014 to be increased three fold by 2020, and fivefold by 2030
 
4.	Details of
 

Action 1
 
Maintain a hiring rate for female graduates (Administrative: 40%, Engineering: 10%)
 
Actions
 
[ Initiatives to continue ]
Carrying out the following actions to increase the female employment rate [from April 2015]
Increase opportunities for applicants to meet a drivers range of female managers and specialists
Continue to participate in “Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation” [from December 2014]
 
Action 2
 
Support a balance between work and childcare, and create an atmosphere and environment to support an early return to work from maternity leave
 
[ Initiatives to continue and expand ]
< Support a balance between work and childcare >
Continue and expand support for childcare [from April 2007]
(Expansion of usage for “working at home” program, provision of child care facilities)
Create a working atmosphere that supports women’s participation in the workplace [from April 2016]
(Produce and distribute hand-outs for supervisors and male employees)
Promote male employees’ participation in child care [from October 2016]
< Support for early return to work from maternity leave >
Raise awareness in women, their supervisors and spouses by holding pre-maternity leave seminars [from July 2015]
Promote usage of all-day “working at home” program and subsidy for child care cost [from April 2016]
 
Action 3
 
Develop career awareness and systematic personnel training from an early stage
 
[ Initiatives to continue and expand ]
< Career awareness >
Promote initiatives to enhance female awareness [from June 2015]
(Support the development of female networks in administrative and engineering through roundtable discussions, social network services, and introduce role models)
< Systematic personnel training >
Prepare for personalized development plans that take into account the life events of each individual for women in administrative and engineering positions [from April 2009]
Enhance programs for managerial level employees [from April 2016]
 







Society | Employees
Overall Image of Initiatives to Promote Women’s Participation in the Workplace (Administrative and Engineering Employees)

 

2002
Established programs promoting the employment and retention
of women

▼ Introduced shortened working hours and “working partially at home” programs
▼ Expanded childcare leave
(up to a maximum of two years)
▼ Established on-site day care centers
 

2007
Expanded programs to promote retention


▼ Expanded shortened working hours and “working partially at home” programs (until  children  reach fourth grade of elementary school)
▼ Introduced child nursing care leave (until children reach fourth grade of elementary school)
▼ Introduced the Pro Career Come Back Program for reemployment of employees who left the company because of transfer of a spouse, etc.
▼ Opened the “Sodatete Net,” a website for sharing information on maintaining a balance between work and childcare and on career development
▼ Held a social gathering with overseas female executives
▼ Prepared individualized career development plans for women in supervisory positions
 

2012
Shifted focus of development of working environment from supporting
employees raising children to generating enthusiasm and motivation

▼ Shortened working hours program (with possible overtime)
▼ Introduced seminars on supporting the work-life balance for employees who return to work after childcare leave
▼ Introduced training for managerial employees
 

2014
Expanded initiatives to promote women’s participation
in the workplace

▼ Developing career awareness
•	Encouraged the preparation of
career design sheets
•	Expanded the scope of female employees eligible for individualized career development plans
•	Supported the development of networks among women in administrative and engineering positions
•	Introduced pre-maternity leave
seminars
▼ Support for a Rapid Return to Work from Childcare Leave
•	Introduced an all-day “working at
home” program
▼ Established the Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation
 

 
Red: work-life balance support programs Blue: career support

Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation Promotes Female Science and Engineering Students
 
Toyota Motor Corporation and nine group companies established the Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation in December 2014 with the aim of contributing to the promotion of women’s participation in the workplace in manufacturing businesses overall in Japan. The Foundation offers an educational development program to support career development and a scholarship program that provides ﬁnancial support, in order to increase the number of female students interested in science and engineering and educate
 
them so that they can thrive in the manufacturing industry.
In FY2015, we welcomed 129 ﬁrst year students in the program that were female engineering students from various universities throughout the country and offered a work internship and a Camp for the Future of Rikejo (Female Science/Engineering Students). In addition, female engineers provided visiting lectures classes at 24 schools through Aichi Prefecture as a career introductory course for high school students.
 

 	Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation		http://www.toyota-rikeijosei.or.jp 


 


Focus
 

Held Camp for the Future of Rikejo
(Female Science/Engineering Students)
After raising the funds, the ﬁrst Camp for the Future of Rikejo (Female Science/ Engineering Students) was held over 2 days on February 18-19, 2016. 125 female engineering students from universities throughout Japan gathered at the TMC Head Ofﬁce. There were various activities, such as group sessions with students from other universities, panel discussions led by female engineers from participating Toyota Group companies, roundtable discussions and other gatherings, so that students could gain a better understanding and clearer vision of future careers in this ﬁeld.

Comments from Participants
 














Roundtable discussion about topics such as the work practices of Rikejo (female science/ engineering students)
 


 
For me, I did not expect to have such a good time touring the plant. Had I not participated in this camp, as an architectural student, I probably would not have had the chance to see how fun and interesting the machine systems are. It was interesting and I was able to learn about a lot of different things. (University A)
 

I had this square and bookish image of female engineers, but when I actually spoke with them, I was pleasantly surprised to find that “they are just a normal female like me.” I was able to envision myself becoming an engineer. (University B)
 



I realized that “monozukuri” covers a broad range of fields and felt that there are so many options for me in engineering. (University C)
 







Society | Employees


Initiative to Expand “Working at Home Program” (Japan)
 
To promote diversity, Toyota will start developing an environment to include working at home program starting from October 2016.
The main details of this plan is to expand the scope of employees eligible to work from home by easing the qualifying conditions, and to reduce the time required to work in the ofﬁce.
In order to set up the infrastructure required to achieve this, we
also are looking at adding 2000 laptops.
 
Furthermore, we will try out Ikubosu program* with the goal of creating a workplace and culture so that supervisors support their subordinates who wish to work at home, eliminating any feelings of resistance and showing understanding.
* Ikubosu program: Trying out a practice where managerial positions have the option of working at home
 







Society | Employees

 
Major Initiatives of Nursing Care Policy (Japan)
As social attitudes regarding nursing care are changing, Toyota has continued to expand and improve company measures on nursing care since 2009, in order to reduce employee anxiety and burdens regarding nursing care and to create an environment in which employees can devote themselves to work with a sense of assurance.
One example is holding nursing care lectures by outside experts such as licensed social welfare workers and nursing care workers since 2009 in order to enhance the provision of information.
In FY2015, such lectures were given seven times with approximately 290 employees and their family members attending.
Major Initiatives in Nursing Care
 


A nursing care lecture held in 2014
 

Support for the Work-Life Balance	
Provided Information	
Nursing Care Services	
Economic Support
Nursing care leave and shortened working hours Increase flexibility in working hours system
(1)	Change the units of time to apply systems such as
shortened hours and so on
(2)	Change the working hour settings of the “working at home” program	Create a consultation hotline regarding the Toyota Health Insurance Union
Publish pamphlets on nursing care
Hold nursing care lectures Hold hands-on nursing care seminars	Introduce a nursing care savings program
Form a partnership with a major nursing care service provider
Expand nursing care service providers
Introduce home care workers services	Introduce nursing care insurance
Create parent nursing care insurance
Introduce a nursing care financing program
(3) Expand applicable periods for various work-life balance support programs			
(4) Establish a new nursing care leave program			

Use of Child Care and Nursing Care Leave (Japan)	Use of Flexible Working Hours System (Japan)
 

(Persons)
600



400



200
 

(Persons) 1,200

1,000

800	 

600

400
 
Male	Female

 
 

200
 

0
’11
 

’12
 

’13
 

’14
 

’15 (FY)
 

0
’11
 

’12
 

’13
 

’14
 

’15 (FY)
 

Promotion of Localization of Management at Overseas Afﬁliates
 
Toyota has been promoting the localization of management at overseas afﬁliates from a medium- to long-term perspective. The division of roles has been clearly deﬁned—the head ofﬁce determines “what has to be done” and overseas afﬁliates decide “how they will be done.”
 
be in the right places, driving forward the localization of decision- making, operation and management posts. This should facilitate the timely understanding of customer and employee needs in each region, enabling us to make appropriate business decisions.

 
In principle, executives responsible for overseas operations
(including chief ofﬁcers) live at the respective overseas location
 
North America Region
 
James E. Lentz, Senior Managing Officer
 
and create a management system that has close ties with the local community. Appointment of local human resources is also being actively promoted and of eight regional headquarters, three are currently headed by chief ofﬁcers who are not Japanese. As of July 2016, the number of foreign executives at Toyota Motor Corporation was eight (of which one is an outside member of the Board of Directors).
Toyota will continue to actively foster and promote local personnel on the principle that this ensures the right resources will
 
 
Europe Region	Johan van Zyl, Managing Officer

 
Latin America &	Steve St. Angelo, Senior Managing Officer
Caribbean Region

 
Percentage of Local Employees Comprising Management at Overseas Affiliates
 







Society | Employees

 
Job Placement Program for Over-60s (Japan)
Following the introduction of the Internal Re-employment Program for Retired Professionals in 1991, an Optional Re-employment Application System was launched in 2001 to outplace applicants to external afﬁliates and other sites, providing a framework for helping over-60s to continue working at either external or internal workplaces. Based on the revisions to the Law on Stabilization
 


of Employment of Older Persons in FY2006 and again in FY2013, programs were updated to their present state, in order to expand re-employment opportunities. In addition, starting from FY2016, the Advanced Skilled Partner System was set up to motivate employees to remain active until 65 so that they would actually retire when they reached 65 years old.
 

Employment of Fixed-term Contract Employees (Japan)
 
When hiring ﬁxed-term contract employees, appropriate hiring and contract renewals are conducted with maximum efforts focused on maintaining stable employment and improving their work capacity. With the full-time staff appointment system, ﬁxed-term contract employees who have worked for Toyota for at least one year and have a recommendation from their workplace get the chance to take an examination for regular employment. This leads to increased motivation and vitality.
Fixed-term contract employees are also given the opportunity to

Employment of People with Disabilities (Japan)
Toyota believes that people with disabilities deserve the chance to become socially self-reliant and makes it a rule to provide them with opportunities to work together with non-challenged individuals. A number of such people are engaged in a range of roles at various workplaces.
As of June 2016, the number of people with disabilities employed was 1,201, accounting for 2.14 percent of the entire
 
re-try the examination in their third year. It is necessary to maintain strong technical skills in the workplace in order to achieve sustainable growth, and to this end, Toyota will continue actively working to hire ﬁxed-term contract employees as full-time employees.
Number of full-time employees newly hired

FY2015 Hiring Results	FY2016 Hiring Plans
387 employees	500 employees



workforce (including special-purpose subsidiaries) which is above the legal requirement of 2.0 percent. Efforts are under way to create an even more employee-friendly working environment, including hosting an internal sign language workshop, deploying counselors to provide all kinds of support, and spreading good workplace examples across the organization.
 

Toyota Loops Create a Working Environment Friendly to People with Disabilities
 
Toyota Loops Corporation began operation in April 2009 with 28 people with disabilities and received certiﬁcation from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare as a special-purpose subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation in October of that year.
Toyota Loops mainly handles work that is outsourced such as Toyota’s internal printing, mail services and enclosing catalogues. It also commissions work such as issuing visitor or employee identiﬁcation cards, issuing asset number labels and performing shredder tasks, or data erasing of discarded PCs and nursing assistance at the Toyota Memorial Hospital.
Toyota Loops is also promoting initiatives for new work in order to employ more people with disabilities, and in April 2016, Toyota started full operation at the Hanamoto sub ofﬁce, and the small cargo and transport trucking business was started at the Nagoya and Tokyo ofﬁces.
As of April 1, 2016, Toyota Loops currently employs 186 people with disabilities. There is also more support staff for this increase
 
in hiring, in order to eliminate or help reduce any anxiety that the employees have with health or work. We also strengthened the support system, for example, by setting up a support hotline, making in-house physicians available for consultation and offering counseling by a clinical psychologist or psychiatrist. In addition, we are working hard to create a working environment where each
employee can work comfortably by actively exchanging information with social welfare organizations, governmental bodies, and local communities.
Ten people from Toyota Loops participated in the Abilympics in Aichi Prefecture (a national technical skills competition for persons with disabilities) held in December 2015. A total of 4 competitors won the gold: one person from the Product Packing Division, one from the Ofﬁce Assist Division, one from the Computer Data Input Division and one from the Word Processing Division. In addition, 1 person won silver and 2 people won bronze, making this year the highest number of medal winners with seven people.
 
Number of Employees with Disabilities
(Per







 
0
’10
 

’11
 

’12
 

’13	’14	’15
 

’16 (FY)
 
* Employees at end of FY2010–FY2015; figures for FY2016 are as of April 1
 







Society | Employees

 







Society | Employees
Creating Happy Workplaces


In order to strengthen its human resource base, which supports Toyota’s growth, the company has created a positive working environment in which employees can work with conﬁdence, vigor and enthusiasm. Toyota strives to foster employees’ pride and loyalty to the company, workplace and colleagues by encouraging a culture of teamwork through communication and friendly competition.

[ Major Initiatives during FY2015 ]

“We Love Toyota Campaign” and “Hure! Hure! Ekiden” Foster a Sense of Unity within Toyota
 
In order to deepen loyalty based on the notion of “All Toyota,” an internal campaign called We Love Toyota has been carried out since FY2009.
As a part of these activities, We Love Toyota seminars were held April and May 2015. Approximately 400 participants attended including corporate executives. Teamwork and ties between participants were deepened by forming teams consisting of
 
members who had never met before and discussing the joy of driving through the “Internal Prius Cup.”
Some 4,000 employees in 500 teams representing divisions and overseas afﬁliates competed in the 69th Toyota Relay Race Competition, held in December 2015. More than 30,000 people came and cheered on the competitors, enhancing the sense of unity within Toyota.
 

 	 
Participants at a We Love Toyota seminar conducted in April 2015	The 69th Hure! Hure! Ekiden, held in December 2015
 







Society | Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholder Engagement


 
In the preamble of its CSR Policy, Toyota declares that it will engage in stakeholder-oriented management in order to contribute to sustainable development and strive to maintain and develop sound relationships with stakeholders through open and fair communications.
 
Speciﬁcally, Toyota’s relevant divisions and ofﬁces all over the world act as the main contacts to hold dialogues with major stakeholders. They communicate Toyota’s philosophy and also help deepen mutual understanding.
 

Implementation Status of Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder	Communication methods	Frequency	Description	Incorporation into corporate activities
Customers	Based on our “Customer First” philosophy, we take measures to incorporate the comments and opinions of customers into better products and services	Toyota Customer Assistance Center	As needed	Responding to customer opinions using telephone and e-mail forms	Improving customer satisfaction activities
		Official website, product website	
As needed	Disseminating company information and business details, providing FAQ, etc.	Improving customer satisfaction activities
		Information dissemination through various types of social media	
As needed	Disseminating company information and business details	Disseminating information in response to customer demand
Employees	Bilateral communications to build teamwork
and foster a sense of unity based on a labor- management relationship founded on mutual trust and responsibility	Joint labor-management roundtable conferences/ Labor-management meetings	Several times a year	Discussions/negotiations, opinion exchanges and mutual understanding regarding labor-management issues	Strengthening labor-management relationships
		
Employee satisfaction survey	
Once or twice every two years	
Surveying employees satisfaction regarding workplace culture and company life	Improving workplace culture, and evaluating and planning various labor-management and personnel policies
Business Partners

 
Close communication to achieve a mutually beneficial relationship based on mutual trust	Conferences, seminars, and events with dealers	
As needed	
Sharing corporate policies	

Building closer, mutually beneficial relationships based on mutual trust
		General conference of suppliers	Once a year	
Sharing purchasing policies	
Shareholders	Timely and appropriate disclosure of operating results and financial condition to shareholders and investors, and constructive dialogues toward sustained growth and corporate value enhancement	
Shareholders’ meeting	
Once a year	Unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements, audit and supervisory board reports, and deliberation and decisions on resolutions	




Improving management quality through constructive dialogues
		Financial results announcement	Four times a year	Press and telephone conferences to explain Toyota’s financial status and initiatives	
		
Face to face meeting	
As needed	Meetings to explain Toyota’s financial status, local projects, technologies, products, etc. and to exchange opinions with institutional and private investors	
		
Investor information website, etc.	
As needed	Providing information on financial status, business details, etc.
Website “T-ROAD,” a collection of Presidents’ messages is launched	
Global Society/ Dialogue with various Local	stakeholders to build Communities	good relationships with
local communities and to
solve global social and environmental issues	Roundtable conferences with local residents	Several times a year	Introducing Toyota’s activities to local leaders and exchanging opinions on a plant-by-plant basis	
Promoting mutual understanding and forming stable local communities
	Inviting local communities to Toyota’s events and participating in local events	
As needed	
Social gatherings with local residents	
	Participating in joint projects between public and private sectors	
As needed	
Cooperating in progressive initiatives such as verification tests	Improving advanced technologies and recognizing/resolving social issues
	Participating in economic and industry organizations	
As needed	Participating in the planning and implementation phases of various organizations’ policies	Introducing policies to improve the vitality of the nation industries
	Participating in collaborative activities with NGOs and NPOs	
As needed	Social contribution activities throughout the world	Recognizing social needs in individual regions

 
Additionally, Toyota maintains communication with external experts in order to examine, for example, the direction of its sustainability- related initiatives.
Toyota will continue to further strengthen stakeholder
 
engagement through dialogue, to earnestly address society’s expectations as well as the issues discovered through these dialogues, and to utilize them in our future initiatives.
 







Society | Stakeholder Engagement


 







Environmental Initiatives










































 	New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge	

CO2 Emissions Reduction Effects of Toyota Hybrid Vehicles	  
Approximately 66 million tons	p.64
 

Cumulative global sales of Toyota hybrid vehicles exceeded 8.9 million as of March 31, 2016. Reduced
CO2 emissions* by approximately 66 million tons in comparison with gasoline-powered vehicles in the same class.
* Toyota data in FY2015
 
CO2
66
million tons
 






Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge
New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


 
As if to demonstrate the fact of global warming, extreme weather patterns worldwide have been provoking successive disasters.
If current conditions continue and increased measures are not taken to reduce greenhouse gases, it is estimated that by 2100 the world’s average temperature will have risen by 3.7–4.8°C. It is
further estimated that, to hold the temperature rise since before the Industrial Revolution to “below 2°C,” we will not only have to reduce CO₂ emissions to zero, but will need to achieve an actual trend through absorption.*
While the world is trying to move toward “below 2°C” scenario,
Toyota has, under the “New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Challenge,” decided
* 5th Assessment Report of IPCC Working Group III (2014)
 
to challenge itself to reduce vehicle CO₂ emissions by 90 percent in comparison with 2010 levels, by 2050. To realize this, in addition to mileage improvement of engine-driven vehicles, Toyota will promote the development of next-generation vehicles with low or zero CO₂ emissions—hybrid vehicles (HVs), plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHVs), electric vehicles (EVs), and fuel cell vehicles (FCVs)— and further accelerate the spread of these vehicles. These eco-friendly vehicles can start making a contribution to society only when
they come into widespread use. Toyota will also cooperate with relevant stakeholders to provide support necessary for building the infrastructure for widespread adoption of EVs and FCVs.
 












 

Worldwide Sales of Toyota Hybrids Exceed 8.90 Million Units
 

Toyota hybrid vehicles’ cumulative global sales have reached 8.90 million units as of March 31, 2016 since the sales launch of the Prius—the world’s ﬁrst mass-produced hybrid passenger vehicle— in December 1997.
Toyota calculates that Toyota hybrid vehicles sold by March 31, 2016, have resulted in approximately 66 million fewer tons of CO₂ emissions than would have been emitted by gasoline-powered vehicles of similar size and driving performance, and have saved approximately 25 million kiloliters of gasoline than would have been used by gasoline-powered vehicles of similar class.
Cumulative Sales of Hybrid Vehicles
 
CO₂ Emissions Reduction Effects of Toyota Hybrid (Toyota Calculations)
12	CO₂ emissions reduction	70
Cumulative CO₂ emissions  reduction
10	Unit: million tons	60
(the right-hand scale applies to the line graph)
50
8
40
6
30
4
20
 
1.4

1.2
 
10	2
9
8	0
 



’98 ’99
 

10

0
’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16
 
1.0
 
7	1997	2000
 
(Jan.—Mar.)
 

0.8

0.6

0.4

0.2

0
 










2000
 
6
5
4
3
2
1
0
(Jan.—Mar.)
 
CO₂ emissions reduction effect: method of calculation

 
1	Difference in fuel efficiency between hybrid vehicles on the road
in the fiscal year and corresponding gasoline-powered vehicle models. JC08 test cycle efficiency is converted into actual fuel efficiency.
2	Number of vehicles owned by customers as estimated by Toyota
from the number of hybrid vehicles sold each year adjusted for average vehicle age.
3	According to ‘Automobile Transportation Statistics’ published
by the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, the average annual distance traveled by passenger cars is 10,000 km.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


FY2015 Fuel Efficiency Standards Cleared by a Wide Margin Overall

In FY2015, Toyota vehicles met the FY2015 fuel efficiency standards in 14 out of 15 vehicle weight categories, and exceeded the standards with all categories combined
Four out of five new models and fully redesigned models launched in FY2015 met the FY2015 fuel efficiency standards
Of the vehicles manufactured by Toyota in FY2015, 92 percent achieved the fuel efficiency standards for gasoline-powered passenger vehicles

 
Achievement of Fuel Efﬁciency Standards and Actual Fuel Efﬁciency of Toyota Vehicles in FY2015
 
Achievement of FY2015 Fuel Efﬁciency Standards
in FY2015
 

(km/L)
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
 

Average fuel efﬁciency
of Toyota vehicles in FY2015
FY2015 fuel efﬁciency standards Toyota vehicles top fuel efﬁciency
in each category
 
601- 741- 856- 971- 1,081- 1,196- 1,311- 1,421- 1,531- 1,651- 1,761- 1,871- 1,991- 2,101- 2,271-
(Vehicle weight category: kg)


Fuel Efﬁciency Comparison between Selected Old and New Models
Fuel efﬁciency (km/L)
 
40	Old model
30
 
(62)
 








Note 1:
 








indicates a category that has achieved the fuel efﬁciency standards
 
20


10


0
RX	RX HV
 







Sienta
 







Prius
 
Note 2: (1) means that this average fuel efﬁciency did not meet the standards applicable to this weight category to the second decimal place. The increase in fuel consumption due to this shortfall was extremely small (0.1 percent or less) compared to the total fuel consumption reduction achieved in the weight categories that met the standards. For this reason, the standards were greatly exceeded when all categories were combined.
Note 3: The models indicated by (2) generally meet the standards, but certain types and
speciﬁcations may not
Note 4: Vehicles that achieved the efﬁciency standards before FY2014 are not included
Note 5: All fuel efﬁciency values are averages for vehicles that have speciﬁcation values under
the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s JC08 test cycle
 

Note: All fuel efﬁciency values are speciﬁcation values from the Japanese Ministry of
Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s JC08 test cycle.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

Ienr0c1re_0a4se in Average Fuel Efﬁciency

 
Toyota set “improve average fuel efﬁciency* in all regions by 25 percent compared to that of 2005 by FY2015” as a goal in the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan, and has been increasing in its average fuel efﬁciency through steps such as introduction of more hybrid vehicles. However, the actual increase reached only 22 percent, remaining close to the FY2014 level of 23 percent. The
rate of fuel efﬁciency improvement stalled in FY2015 because of the growth in sales of heavy vehicles in the U.S. market due to factors such as declining petroleum prices.
* Includes passenger vehicles in Japan, the United States, Europe, and China


Average Fuel Efﬁciency of Toyota Vehicles in Japan
 
In order to reduce CO₂ emissions by continuously improving fuel efﬁciency, Toyota set a new goal in the Sixth Toyota Environmental Action Plan, announced in October 2015: “Aim to reduce the year 2020 average CO₂ emissions from new vehicles globally by over 22 percent from the 2010 level (approximately a 28 percent improvement in terms of fuel efﬁciency).”
Toward achieving this goal, Toyota will continue developing CO₂ emissions reduction (increase in fuel efﬁciency) technologies and deploying them in its various vehicles.

Average Fuel Efﬁciency of Toyota Vehicles
in Japan, the United States, Europe, and China
 
(Index)
2.00
 
(%)
25
 

FY2015 goal in the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan
 

20

1.50	15

 




1.00
 







’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
 








(FY)
 
10


5


0
’05
 







’06
 







’07
 







’08
 







’09  ’10
 







’11  ’12
 







’13  ’14
 







’15
 








(FY)
 

Note: Change since introduction of hybrid vehicles in 1997
 

Note: In the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan, FY2005 was set as the base year for
the fuel efﬁciency improvement goal.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge
er0F1o_c0u5s
Making Better Cars and Embodying a New Sense of Value in Fourth-generation Prius

Eighteen years have passed since the launch of the ﬁrst-generation Prius, created as the world’s ﬁrst mass-produced hybrid vehicle. The Prius, which has pioneered the age of eco-friendly cars, has undergone a full redesign. The environmental performance traditionally found in its DNA has jumped even further and the greatly improved engine boasts 40 percent thermal efﬁciency, making it the most efﬁcient gasoline engine in the world. All the technologies utilized have overcome major hurdles, helping the new Prius achieve the world’s top fuel efﬁciency performance among gasoline-powered vehicles.
















Development of Hybrid System that Offers an Answer to Environmental Issues of the 21st Century
 

The project to develop the ﬁrst-generation Prius began in 1993. Speciﬁc indexes toward making cars representing the 21st century were set in environmental performance, while CO₂ emissions reduction, energy conservation, and air pollution prevention were positioned as the three key issues during vehicle development. Toyota developed a hybrid system as the best means to achieve this concept.
Since the hybrid system does not require external charging like conventional electrical vehicles, it was well-suited to the existing
infrastructure and achieved fuel efﬁciency roughly
 

Fuel efﬁciency and sales volume of the various generations of the Prius


Fuel efﬁciency (km/L)
Japan: JC08 test-drive mode (km/L) Japan: 10.15 test-drive mode (km/L)

40.8 km/L
* For the E grade
(vehicle weight of 1,310 kg)
 
twice that of gasoline engines.
With the belief that “this vehicle is going to change the world,” we named the vehicle “Prius,” which means “prior to” in Latin. Many customers
 



29.6
35.5
 
g	n

32.6
38.0
* For the
 
have resonated with and supported this belief.
Since then, the Prius has become an iconic hybrid vehicle that has contributed to the global environment as Toyota’s ﬂagship model.
 

 
Debut in Dec. 97
 


28.0
* As of 1997
 





Debut
in Sept. 03
 





Debut
in May. 09
 
L grade
 





Debut in Dec. 05
 
Sales volume in Japan 70,000 units
 
Sales volume in Japan 400,000 units
(Cumulative total: 470,000 units)
 
Sales volume in Japan
1.12 million units (Cumulative total:
1.59 million units)
 
Note 1: The fuel consumption rate varies depending on the grade, drive train, vehicle weight, etc.
Note 2: Fuel consumption rates are values from speciﬁed test conditions.
These rates will vary depending on the vehicle’s usage environment, including the weather and level of trafﬁc congestion, as well as the driver’s driving habits and air-conditioner use.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


Seamless Cooperation of the Evolution of the Environmental Performance that is Prius’ DNA, and the Changes Brought about by TNGA

 
The fourth-generation Prius is the ﬁrst model to advance its inherent environmental performance while simultaneously incorporating all the features of the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA*), Toyota’s next-generation platform strategy. Thus, we proceeded to develop the new Prius with the goal of improving both the global and social environments.
In terms of the global environment, we focused on radically improving the Prius’ environmental performance. For example, to further reduce environmental impact during operation, we set a high hurdle of 40 km/L for the fuel
efﬁciency goal, which was achieved through the accumulation
of detailed and steady technical development work.
In terms of the social environment, having set the goal of developing a safe vehicle that will help completely eliminate trafﬁc accidents, we adopted a lower center of gravity with excellent stability and the Toyota Safety Sense P collision avoidance and mitigation package. We also added an external power sources, which are suitable for use following a disaster.
 


















Development leader of the fourth-generation Prius
Koji Toyoshima, Chief Engineer

* TNGA represents wide-reaching structural innovations, conceived with the goal of realizing Toyota’s desire to “make ever-better cars.” By reassessing car platforms from the ground up, Toyota hopes to create packages that are more stylish, have a lower center of gravity, and are easier to drive. As the ﬁrst TNGA vehicle, the fourth-generation Prius was redesigned starting with its base structure.

Prius sales volume and CO₂ emissions reduction effect
 
Eco-friendly Cars Contribute to the Environment	6
when Widespread
Eco-friendly vehicles can only start contributing to the	5
environment when they come into widespread use. Therefore,
we want as many customers as possible to drive the Prius.
The Prius has always played a pioneering role of contributing
to the environment with its continued innovative features. For	4
example, the ﬁrst-generation Prius became the pioneer hybrid
vehicle; the second generation was a pioneer in the hybrid
vehicle popularization period; and the third generation was	3
a pioneer in the era of broad market acceptance of hybrid vehicles. However, when we look at the car markets in various
countries, it is true that hybrid vehicles are still perceived as	2
special vehicles. Therefore, to bring hybrid vehicles, including the Prius, into even wider use, it is important to create
vehicles that do not pale in comparison with any other vehicle	1
so that customers include hybrid vehicles as a buying option.
I believe we have succeeded in making the fourth-
generation Prius a “better car” in all aspects, including	0
 
2015
Worldwide CO₂ emissions reduction
Approximately 5.5 million tons


Prius cumulative global sales
Approximately 3.6 million units
 
(Million tons) (Million units)
 
environmental performance, styling, driving performance, and safety. We want prospective buyers to feel that the car they wanted most of all happened to be a hybrid vehicle.
 
’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
(Year)
In FY2015, the Prius helped reduce annual CO₂ emissions by approximately
5.5 million tons (calculated by Toyota as of the end of December 2015). This is equivalent to the volume of CO₂ absorbed by a forest having roughly three times the area of Tokyo (having 600 million trees).
 

 
Starting with the second-generation, the Prius has been manufactured at the Tsutsumi Plant, located in Toyota City. It is a model sustainable plant, through which Toyota emphasizes the role of nature in creating production sites that are in harmony with their natural surroundings. The plant is working to reduce energy consumption based on low-CO₂ production technologies and day-to-day kaizen activities, and also reduces CO₂ emissions by using electrical power generated by solar panels whose total area is equivalent to 60 tennis courts. This is a site of eco-friendly monozukuri, where eco-friendly cars are made at an eco-friendly plant by eco-friendly people.
 












Employees involved in Prius production at the Tsutsumi Plant
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

 
er01F_o0cu6s
 


New PHV “Prius Prime” Unveiled at New York International Auto Show
 

The new “Prius Prime” was unveiled at the 2016 New York International Auto Show in March 2016. The Prius Prime is an ultra- efﬁcient model with a plug-in hybrid powertrain, one of the most technologically advanced and best-equipped Prius models in the history.




















 
The Prius Prime’s 120 or above MPGe (miles per gallon equivalent) is expected to be the highest MPGe rating of any plug-in hybrid,* representing a substantial 26-percent increase over its predecessor.
The Prius Prime offers an estimated two times the electric range of the previous model —22 miles—meeting the daily commuter distance of over half of U.S. drivers, and can reach speeds of up to 84 mph without leaving EV mode. On a full 11.3-gallon tank of regular-grade gasoline and a full electric charge, the Prius Prime anticipates a class-leading estimated total driving range of over 600 miles.
The Prius Prime is powered by Toyota’s Hybrid Synergy Drive powertrain, which seamlessly combines the output of the gasoline engine and electric motor through a planetary- type continuously variable transmission, and also can be plugged in at home to recharge its larger 8.8 kWh battery pack. In hybrid mode, it can run on the gasoline engine or electric motor alone or a combination of both. Even when not
 
running in EV mode, the Prius Prime will automatically rely more on its electric capability in situations where it is more efﬁcient than running the gasoline engine.
In addition, the Prius Prime will feature a Toyota-ﬁrst dual motor generator drive system, using both the electric motor and the generator for drive force, helping to boost acceleration performance. Regenerative braking recaptures
electrical energy under deceleration and braking and stores it in the battery, which helps to reduce fuel consumption.
The Prius Prime’s gasoline engine also plays a starring role in its efﬁciency. The 1.8-liter Atkinson-cycle, 4-cylinder engine—the same as in all 2016 Prius hybrid models—earns a groundbreaking thermal efﬁciency of more than 40 percent. Most modern automobile engines reach about 25–30 percent. Myriad details throughout the hybrid powertrain contribute to the efﬁciency, including its exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) system.
 

* Based on manufacturer’s data (Prius Prime 120 MPGe) and fuel economy. gov plug-in hybrid segment, as of February 2016
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

	01_07
Toward Building a Hydrogen-based Society
—Driving into the future, for the future—

Hydrogen is described as the ideal energy to address the	cooperation of society as a whole. Building an extensive challenges confronting humanity, such as environmental	hydrogen infrastructure will still take many years. But at Toyota, problems and dwindling natural resources. A clean society	we thought we would make a start now.
can be achieved if the use of CO₂-free hydrogen becomes		For a future of greater ﬂexibility coexisting with current more widely accepted and utilized. However, to establish the	energy sources. A future in which multiple energy sources infrastructure necessary for a hydrogen-based society and	support each other. A future that cares about the environment enable an unfettered supply of hydrogen will require more	our children will live in 100, 200 years from now.



  Need to Build a Hydrogen-based Society	

The number of companies working on the utilization of
Zero CO₂ Emissions	hydrogen-based energy is also
Using hydrogen results in zero CO₂ emissions.	increasing.
The chemical reaction H2 + 1/2 O₂  HO points the way to	FC bus
H₂O	a brighter future.



Can be Produced from a Wide Range of Primary Energy Sources
Fuel cells
H₂	Because hydrogen can be produced from a wide range of	for homes
primary energy sources, unlike fossil fuels, there is no need
to worry about resources becoming depleted, meaning that a stable supply can be relied on.



Energy for Local Production and Local Use
Through hydrolysis, electricity generated from renewable		Hydrogen energy sources can be stored as hydrogen for power supply.	power plant The stored hydrogen can be used to supply power as needed.
Establishing a system of this kind can also reduce energy risk on islands and in other remote areas.


The number of hydrogen
Canceling out Fluctuations in Energy	stations is expected to increase
in the coming years.
Supply from Renewable Sources
Hydrogen
The amount of energy that can be generated by renewable	station
e	H₂	sources ﬂuctuates greatly under the inﬂuence of natural	H₂ STATION
conditions. By converting the electricity generated to hydrogen, it can be stored and easily supplied to meet demand.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


  Toyota’s Medium- to Long- term Roadmap toward Achieving a Hydrogen-based Society

 
Helped in part by the market launch of the MIRAI, the impetus for achieving a hydrogen-based society has been increasing. However, a wide variety of issues still remain, including establishment of the necessary infrastructure.
 
Based on the current situation, Toyota has created a template based on the knowledge obtained from veriﬁcation experiments and is contributing to initiatives toward achieving a full-ﬂedged hydrogen-based society, targeting the year 2030.
 

What We Want to Create is an Ever-Better Society
The Next Challenge for Toyota

 
Concept of expanding a hydrogen-based society (2030)
 





Transport
 

Large-scale transport
of hydrogen-based energy from overseas
or remote locations
 

 
Use of batteries
 

On-site power generation
 

Liquid hydrogen storage
 

Transport
 
Wind power
 
Solar power
 

Direct use of hydrogen
in production processes
 
Industrial area
 
Energy creation
 

Fuel cell forklift truck


EV STATION
 

Fuel cell bus
 

Hydrogen-fueled power generation
 




Steady expansion of hydrogen utilization examples
 

Biomass
 

Electrolytic CO₂-free hydrogen


 
 



Transport
 
Expansion of fuel cells into a variety of mobility applications
 
Electric vehicle charging station
 
Energy farm
 
Communities
 
Zero-emission buildings
 
Hydrogen station
 

 
Plug-in hybrid vehicle/electric vehicle
 
Fuel cell ship
 
Fuel cell railcar
 
Fuel cell truck
 
Fuel cell forklift truck
 
Fuel cell bus
 
Fuel cell vehicle
 

Toyota’s present mission

01	02

Activity direction and steps

	2016	2020	2025	2030	2040–2050
	
Actively signing up partners toward promoting expanded use of hydrogen

Using a veriﬁcation model
to share an image of the future	Expansion
of hydrogen
	The Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games  utilization
	FC mobility expansion	examples,
	Regional and industrial hydrogen	leading
utilization	to the future		
Widespread establishment


Toyota’s		Supporting economic autonomy	of full-ﬂedged
hydrogen-based society
basic approach			Achieving station infrastructure autonomy
	Reducing CO₂-free
hydrogen costs	
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 1 New Vehicle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

	01_08

Regional Collaboration Projects Toyota is Involved in toward Achieving a Hydrogen-based Society (Japan)
In regions where Toyota’s production sites are located, we are carrying out veriﬁcation and showcasing activities that match regional
characteristics, cooperating with regional communities and promoting team building toward achieving a hydrogen-based society.


Energy Fukushima Concept for a New	Commu- The Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games
Toyota’s fuel cell vehicle sales	creation Energy Society Conference	nity Presenting models of the next-generation
(established by the Ministry of	mobility society and a clean,
goal for around 2020 is at least	Economy, Trade and Industry	hydrogen-based society to the world.
30,000 units or more globally	in March 2016)	(Tokyo Metropolis)
each year, including at least	(Fukushima Prefecture)	Toyota’s role
Toyota’s role	Providing support as a TOP partner of the IOC,
10,000 MIRAI vehicles in Japan.	Provide means of mobility such as	as well as providing mobility means such as fuel cell
fuel cell buses and fuel cell forklift trucks	vehicles and buses, and supporting the next-generation
mobility society initiative
Plants Start of verification testing
of hydrogen use to achieve zero
CO₂ emissions in the MIRAI production line in 2020
(Aichi Prefecture)
Toyota’s role
Carry out verification activities for future plants, including implementing hydrogen utilization technologies,
with the aim of meeting
the Plant Zero CO₂ Emissions
Challenge in 2050	Fuel cell bus verification test in Tokyo in July 2015

Aichi Prefecture Low-Carbon Hydrogen
Plant   Supply Chain	Fuel cell buses will be
Start of joint study by Aichi Prefecture,	introduced primarily in Tokyo
universities, and industries	before the end of FY2016. At
(Aichi Prefecture)
Toyota’s role	least 100 buses will be readied
As an industry leader, Toyota will work with Aichi Prefecture	for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic and
to begin evaluating the possibilities for utilizing hydrogen together
with Toyota Group companies in regions where they are engaged in	Paralympic Games.
monozukuri (manufacturing)






Energy Keihin Project, Keihin Coastal Area
creation Renewable Energy
Verification of Supply Chain Connecting Hydrogen Manufacturing to Users (Small- to Medium-scale Concentrated
Locally-Produced, Locally-Consumed	Commu- KIX project, Kansai International Airport Office Model)
Plant Green Hydrogen Network	nity  Verification of Airport Model for	(Kanagawa Prefecture)
Promotion of industry-government-	Hydrogen Grid (Large-Scale,
academia collaboration, led	Centralized Model)	Toyota’s role
by Fukuoka Prefecture	(Osaka Prefecture)	Toyota will represent businesses as a user of hydrogen.
(Fukuoka Prefecture)	Toyota’s role
Toyota’s role	Toyota Motor, Toyota Industries, and Toyota Tsusho Toyota Motor Kyushu will participate in the verification	will support the KIX Hydrogen Grid committee
of hydrogen use in its plant, representing the industry model  of Kansai International Airport, capitalizing on their
knowledge of hydrogen and fuel cell technologies.



In March 2016, two practical fuel cell forklift trucks were newly introduced into the International Cargo Area of Kansai International Airport, and are currently being tested and verified. A total of over 100 fuel cell forklift trucks would be introduced.
In March 2016, a verification project began in the Keihin Coastal Area. Supply chain verification is being carried out, in which CO₂-free hydrogen produced using renewable energy will power fuel cell forklift trucks in a variety of working environments, such as Central Wholesale Market, factories, and warehouses.
About 12 fuel cell forklift trucks will be introduced for verification purposes.
Fuel cell forklift truck

Note: Toyota’s roles will vary since the purposes and activity details will vary depending on the project in each area.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 2 Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge
Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


 
By Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge, we mean efforts to completely eliminate CO₂ emissions not only while driving and in production, but also in the processes of materials production, disposal, and recycling of vehicles.
For instance, there are some next-generation vehicles that do achieve reduced CO₂ emissions when driven, but actually cause increased CO₂ emissions at the material and vehicle production stages. Because of this, we will further promote environmentally
 
friendly design such as by choosing appropriate materials. In this way, we are going to pursue “ever-better cars.” For example, we will develop and expand the use of materials with lower CO₂ emissions during production and will reduce the quantity of materials and number of parts used in a vehicle. We will also adopt more recycled materials and so on for vehicle production and enhance initiatives aimed at designing vehicles for easy disassembly.
 

     











LCA of New Models and Fully Redesigned Models in Five Vehicle Series
 

Purpose
The Eco-Vehicle Assessment System (Eco-VAS) is a comprehensive environmental impact assessment system that allows systematic assessment of a vehicle’s impact on the environment over the entire lifecycle from vehicle production and use to disposal stages. Toyota uses Eco-VAS to conduct lifecycle assessment (LCA) of a vehicle’s total environmental impact from the materials manufacturing, vehicle manufacturing, driving and maintenance stages through to the disposal stage.
Since the system allows targets to be set from the initial stages of development to achieve steady improvements in environmental performance, Toyota’s chief engineer sets targets and scenarios
to achieve them in relation to environmental performance criteria in the planning and development stage, and then follows up at points throughout the development process to ensure that targets are steadily being met.

Progress in FY2015
Toyota conducted LCA on new models and fully redesigned models in
ﬁve vehicle series (Sienta, Prius, Pixis Mega, Lexus LX, RX (200t, 450h).
 
LCA of the Prius

 
1.0



0.8



0.6



0.4



0.2



0
 






Disposal/recycling Maintenance Driving
Vehicle
manufacturing
Materials production
 

The LCA that Toyota conducts on its passenger
vehicles has been tested and certiﬁed by
 
Toyota gasoline-powered
vehicle with a 2.0-liter engine
 
2009
Prius
 
2015
Prius
 
German third-party organization TÜV Rheinland based on ISO 14040/14044 standards.
 
* Evaluations are based on the assumption that each vehicle travels 100,000 km
over a 10-year period under the JC08 test cycle. LCA results are shown as an index.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 2 Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

Rere0s2p_0o3nse to Scope 3

 

Scope 3 is a standard established to encourage corporations to visualize and account for indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the value chain that occur outside their own company and consolidated companies (purchased goods and services,
transportation, business travel, employee commuting, use of sold products, etc.).
Comparison of the emission rates calculated according to this standard shows that the combined rate for Category 1 “Purchased goods and services” and Category 11 “Use of sold products” accounts for as much as 97 percent, while the rate for each other category is less than 1 percent.
Category 1 “Purchased goods and services” covers the manufacturing stage of the materials and parts that comprise automobiles, while Category 11 “Use of sold products” covers the driving stage of automobiles. Therefore, it is clear that parts weight reduction and material selection, as well as the development of fuel efﬁciency improvement and next-generation vehicle technologies are important measures that will lead to emissions reduction.
 
Details of the 15 Categories Speciﬁed in Scope 3 and Respective Share of Total Emissions

Category	Emission rate
1. Purchased goods and services	16.0%
2. Capital goods	0.9%
3. Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2)	0.2%
4. Upstream transportation and distribution	Less than 0.1%
5. Waste generated in operations	Less than 0.1%
6. Business travel	Less than 0.1%
7. Employee commuting	0.2%
8. Upstream leased assets	-
9. Downstream transportation and distribution	Less than 0.1%
10. Processing of sold products	0.3%
11. Use of sold products	81.2%
12. End-of-life treatment of sold products	0.9%
13. Downstream leased assets	-
14. Franchises	-
15. Investments	0.1%
Note 1: Category 14 is not applicable. Category 8 is included in Scope 1 and 2, and Category 13 is included in Category 11.
Note 2: Emission rates are determined based on the FY2014 calculated values
 


 

Continue to Conduct Activities to Reduce CO₂ Emissions

 
In FY2015, Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) implemented various
initiatives, including activities to increase the loading efﬁciency of trucks, modal shifts, and ongoing fuel-efﬁciency improvement activities with logistics partners. Through these activities, CO₂
emissions were reduced by 6,000 tons, but changes including an
 
increase in long-haul transportation resulted in total CO₂ emissions
of 275,000 tons.
CO₂ emissions per ton-kilometer (the transport of one ton of goods over a distance of one kilometer) were 108.4 g-CO₂/tkm.
 

 
Trends in CO₂ Emissions from TMC Logistics Operations (Japan)
(Thousand tons)
 
Scope of CO₂ Emissions Calculations from TMC Logistics Operations
 
450
 
440
 

 

400


350


300


250


0	’90
 





298






’12
 





290






’13
 







278





’14
 







275





’15
 
Decrease due to improvement activities
-6
Increase due to increased transport volumes, etc.
5

 	  Initial estimate 276




(FY)
 
Note: The CO₂ conversion coefficient was calculated based on guidelines such as the “Guidelines on Disclosure of CO₂ Emissions from Transportation & Distribution (version 3.0)” issued by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
For more information on the conversion coefficient, please visit the webpage below:
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/environment/ data/conversionfactor.pdf
 





er02_05
Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 2 Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

Trends in CO₂ Emissions per Ton-kilometer from
TMC Logistics Operations (Japan)	         Results of Activities to Reduce CO₂ Emissions
(g-CO2/tkm)























Assessment of CO₂ Emissions and Implementation of Reduction Activities Worldwide

 
In FY2007, Toyota began assessing the CO₂ emissions from its overseas worksites. From FY2013, reduction targets are annually set for each country and region, and activities to reduce CO₂ emissions are being implemented based on the global guidelines.
Toyota will disclose the volume of CO₂ emissions from its
 
overseas worksites from FY2016. Toyota is currently working on investigating the methods to calculate CO₂ emissions in each country and region to improve the reporting accuracy. (Will be disclosed starting with the FY2017 report.)
 















Before
Toyota Corolla Iwate


61 km
Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc.
Iwate Plant


127 km


Port of Sendai	After
Toyota Corolla Iwate



Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc.
Iwate Plant
133 km




Port of Sendai	
		Effects
Transport distance	Port of ➡ Iwate ➡ Toyota Corolla Sendai	Plant	Iwate
127 km 61 km	
188 km	Transport distance	Port of ➡ Toyota Corolla Sendai	Iwate
133 km	
133 km	
55 km
CO₂
emissions	37.3 tons/year	CO₂
emissions	26.4 tons/year	
−11 tons
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 2 Life Cycle Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

Creating Sustainable, Regionally-integrated Towns and Industrial Areas: F-Grid Concept

Following the Great East Japan Earthquake, Toyota has been working to solve energy problems (security, environmental impact, economic efﬁciency) and to support the Tohoku region by creating new smart communities centered on factories.
In October 2015, F-Grid Ohira, Miyagi Limited Liability Partnership, began operating a regional emergency power supply system.




WBCSD-led Project to Mitigate Trafﬁc Congestion in Bangkok, Thailand: Sathorn Model
 

In 2013, Toyota established the Sustainable Mobility Project within The World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), and began demonstration projects in six cities.
Bangkok, where Toyota is a leading company, has received a grant from the Toyota Mobility Foundation. The objective of the initiative in Bangkok is to create a model solution for reducing trafﬁc congestion by controlling trafﬁc demand and improving the trafﬁc ﬂow, based on cooperation between industry, government, universities, and citizens.
In November 2015, a leadership forum was held, attended by executives from about 70 companies that are participating in the initiative, and efforts are underway to encourage the participation of more people. In June 2016, a full scale social experiment was
implemented with 23 measures on Sathorn Road to verify the model. In the future, a roadmap for expanding the model throughout
Bangkok will be created and promoted in cooperation with the Thai government.
 

Measures veriﬁed in the social experiment
Park & Ride: Park & Ride parking lots were opened at 15 locations, and were being used by 504 people/day as of June 2016
Shuttle buses: Introduced in two schools; a corporate membership shuttle bus was also introduced on a trial basis
Flex time: Introduced at 11 companies, covering 4,410 employees Development of an application that supports selection of optimum transportation mode: 3,308 application downloads
Measures to mitigate traffic flow bottlenecks: 18 measures were verified (at the location where the measures were most effective, the traffic flow rate improved by 13 percent and the travel speed by 27 percent)

Veriﬁcation testing for trafﬁc ﬂow management
 

 

Kiss & Go (Parents leaving quickly after
dropping their children off)
 

Reversible lane (A lane in which the
direction of trafﬁc ﬂow can be changed)
 

 	For details on the Toyota Mobility Foundation, see page 141. 

 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 3 Plant Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge
Plant Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge


 
Not only do vehicles emit CO₂ while traveling; CO₂ is also generated during their manufacture process. Reducing CO₂ to restrain climate change is therefore also a challenge for the plants that manufacture automobiles. The two main pillars of our strategy to achieve zero CO₂ emissions at our plants are improvement of manufacturing technology and switching to different forms of energy.
Taking ﬁrst the manufacturing technology, we will carry out simpliﬁcation and rationalization of the manufacturing process
 
to shorten it and reduce the time, thus cutting CO₂ emissions. Improved efﬁciency in energy use can also reduce CO₂ emissions. We will further reduce CO₂ emissions in all process types, for instance by introducing mechanisms that do not use energy.
Regarding the energy sources used, we will cut CO₂ emissions by adopting renewable energy sources such as solar and wind power, and by utilizing hydrogen energy.
 


 	 









 
 	 	 



Continuing to Conduct Activities to  Reduce CO₂ Emissions in Production Activities

 

Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) has been working on reducing its CO₂ emissions, setting targets for both production sites and non- production sites such as ofﬁces.
In FY2015, the promotion of steamless process and the implementation of energy-saving activities resulted in annual CO₂ emissions of 1.15 million tons (a decrease of 45 from FY1990 level), and a ﬁgure of 0.408 tons for CO₂ emissions per unit produced (a decrease of 44 percent from FY2001).
In order to achieve Toyota’s global ﬁve-year plan targets, we
 

are promoting reduction of CO₂ emissions, with the adoption of innovative technologies at the launch of new plants and production lines. On the new production lines at STM (Thailand) and GTE (China), measures have been taken to simplify and rationalize, while ongoing initiatives to convert to steamless and airless processes are also in progress at existing plants. As a result, in FY2015 the annual CO₂ emissions were 7.57 million tons (a decrease of 2.8 percent from FY2014), and the CO₂ emissions per unit produced were 0.744 tons (a decrease of 1.2 percent from FY2014).
 


 
Caloriﬁc Energy Use Ratio at TMC
 
Heavy Oil A 2.3%
 
Kerosene 0.2%
LPG 0.02%
Diesel Oil 0.02%
 




er03_03

Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 3 Plant Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

 

Trends in Total CO₂ Emissions (from Energy Sources) and CO₂ Emissions per Unit Produced at TMC
 
Trends in Global CO₂ Emissions (from Energy Sources) and CO₂ Emissions per Unit Produced (Stationary Sources such as Plants and Ofﬁces)
 
Total CO₂ emissions (Million tons)
 

CO₂ emissions per unit produced
 
(Tons/unit)
 
Total CO₂ emissions (Million tons)
 
CO₂ emissions per unit produced
(Tons/unit)
 
2.2
2.0
1.8
1.6
1.4
1.2
1.0
0.8
0.6
0.4
0.2
0
 
2.11

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
CO₂ emissions from
 
1.5






5
 
9.0
8.0
7.0
6.0
5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0
1.0
0
 

 

7.01
 


1




’01
 

7.59






0



’12
 

7.84






0



’13
 

7.79






0



’14
 

7.57






0



’15
 

 









(FY)
 

2


1.5


1


0.5


0
 
Asia
(excluding Japan), Australia,
Middle East, South Africa, Latin America
Europe China
North America
Japan (excluding TMC)
TMC
 
Note 1: For facilities in non-production areas for which FY1990 emissions data is not available, the oldest subsequent data available is used for the graph
Note 2: Until FY2011, the total CO₂ emissions volume included emissions from production and non-production divisions (excluding the Toyota Biotechnology & Afforestation Laboratory and employee benefit facilities). Beginning in FY2012, the Laboratory was included as a non-production division
Note 3: The CO₂ emissions were calculated using the Nippon Keidanren’s FY1990 CO₂
conversion coefficient.

For more information on the conversion coefficient, please visit the webpage below:
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/environment/ data/conversionfactor.pdf
 
Note 1: TMC and 121 companies (consolidated subsidiaries and other companies in Japan and overseas)
Japan: Companies listed in Groups 1-5 on page 97 (including second-tier subsidiaries; excluding Toyota Tsusho)
Overseas: Production companies and production/sales companies listed on page 97 Note 2: Companies for which FY2001 emissions volumes could not be determined,
the oldest subsequent data is used
Note 3: The CO₂ emissions were calculated using the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol CO₂ conversion coefficient.
Note 4: Errors appearing in previous figures have been corrected.
For more information on the conversion coefficient, please visit the webpage below:
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/environment/ data/conversionfactor.pdf
 

Promoting the Use of Renewable Energy

In March 2008, the Toyota Tsutsumi Plant installed a photovoltaic system rated at 2,000 kW (sufﬁcient to provide power for some 500
households). During FY2015, the system generated 1,737 MWh of electricity.


Focus

Kamigo Plant: Reducing CO₂ Emissions from Engine Manufacturing for Vehicles for Japanese
and Overseas Markets
 

The air and steam for production used to be centrally controlled at the utility plant and supplied to the individual production lines. This resulted in air and steam supply loss during non-production periods, such as breaks of operation and holidays.
Therefore, for air, the large central compressor was abolished and small compressors were installed next to equipment that needed air. This change made it possible to supply the needed air for production with minimum supply loss.
 

Air usage was further reduced by installing individual blowers by optimizing the shapes and positions of the air nozzles used for cleaning chips off machined engine parts.
As for steam, the use of hot air curtains installed at the entrance/exit of each building was stopped; instead,
air-shielding sheets were installed and the shutter opening/ closing timings were adjusted. These measures prevented temperature dropping inside buildings, and greatly reduced steam usage. Through these activities, annual CO₂ emissions were reduced by approximately 4,500 tons.
 

Conversion to inline air compressors	Conversion to blower
 
CO₂ emissions reduction effect
 
Before
 
After
 
Before
 
Air usage reduction effect Steam usage reduction
 
Large central compressor
 
Small inline compressors
 
(%)
 
(%)
 
effect)
 
(continuously running, resulting in supply loss)
 
(linked to production, minimizing supply loss)
 


Compressor
 
100	-38%
 
100	-71%
 

Large central compressor Production line (processing)


Production line (assembly)
 
Abolished





Production line (assembly)
 



After
 
High pressure and low flow rate






Blower
 
75

50

25

0
Before After
 
75

50

25

0
Before After
 
Air supplied to other buildings	Individual small compressors
 
Low pressure and high flow rate
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 3 Plant Zero CO₂ Emissions Challenge

 
Eco-factory Activities Implemented at Five Plants

Toyota continues with eco-factory activities for plants being newly constructed and being enhanced in capacity to ensure that its factories set the highest worldwide standards for environmental consideration and sustainability. Activities include on-site veriﬁcation of environmental solutions incorporated into each phase, namely planning, engineering, trial production and full- scale operation and, should a failure be discovered, the problem is
corrected and environmental measures are effectively incorporated.


Progress in FY2015
Eco-factory activities were continued at a total of ﬁve plants in
Thailand and China.
 


Eco-factory Activities
 

 
: Capability enhancement projects (from FY2013)
: Implementation completed by FY2014
 
: Implementation completed in FY2015 Numbers indicate planned year of implementation
 


 
Focus
 

Utilizing Green Electricity Generated at Landﬁlls for Production
 

 
As organic materials are broken down by microorganisms, methane gas is created. The methane produced at landﬁlls is called landﬁll gas, and it is recognized as an organically- derived biofuel.
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky (TMMK, located in Georgetown, Kentucky), which manufactures models such as the Avalon and the Camry, is utilizing electricity produced by landﬁll gas generated at a local landﬁll. This project is a collaboration between TMMK and Waste Services of the Bluegrass, a company that provides waste transporting
and disposal services in Kentucky, marking the ﬁrst such business-to-business model in the region for converting landﬁll gas into usable energy.
The project began in 2010. TMMK installed underground electric transmission lines as it is located approximately
6.5 miles from the landﬁll, and it also installed the generator at the landﬁll site. The system then went online in November 2015. Toyota estimates that the system will generate
one megawatt of electricity per hour, enough to power approximately 800 households at the average rate of consumption in the U.S., or to produce 10,000 vehicles. The system can eventually be scaled up to 10 megawatts of electricity per hour. It will also contribute to reducing landﬁll greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 90 percent.
 
Power generation system using landﬁll gas







Landﬁll site








Underground electric transmission lines





Plant
 


Comment by Kevin Butt, General Manager for Environment Strategies
“The landﬁll gas generator represents the kind of thinking our company is asking of us to reduce our carbon footprint over the next 35 years. It’s a small step, but a signiﬁcant one.”
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 4 Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage
Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage


 
According to forecasts, the world’s population will climb to 9.1 billion by 2050, demand for water will increase by 55 percent from current levels, and as a result, the percentage of the total population suffering water shortages will reach 40 percent*. In automobile manufacturing, water is used in painting and other processes. Therefore, even a small reduction of its impact on the water environment is important. Our two measures to achieve this are comprehensive reduction of the amount of water used and comprehensive water puriﬁcation and returning it to the earth.
* According to Toyota data
 
So far, Toyota has implemented rainwater collection to reduce the amount of water used by production plants, ﬁltering to increase the water recycling rate, re-use of wastewater through recycling, and returning water to the community at a higher quality than found in the local water environment. The local water environment differs greatly depending on region. Going forward, we intend to roll out
a range of measures globally to deal with the water environment, taking local needs into account.
 














 

Continuing to Conduct Activities Aimed at Reducing Water Consumption

 
TMC continued activities to reduce water consumption in FY2015, such as reducing steam usage in production processes. As a result, total water consumption was 10.9 million m3 (a decrease of
5.1 percent from FY2014). Water consumption per unit produced was 4.7 m3, a decrease of 4.2 percent from FY2014.
On the global level, Toyota is engaging in steady water conservation
 
activities in response to the situation with the water environment in each country and region. As a result of initiatives including promotion of water recycling particularly in regions with scarce water resources, total water consumption in FY2015 was 29.3 million m3 (a decrease of 5.4 percent from FY2014) and water consumption per vehicle unit produced was
2.7 m3 (a decrease of 9.0 percent from FY2014).
 

 
Total Water Consumption and Consumption per Unit Produced at TMC
 
Global Water Consumption at Vehicle Assembly Plants and Consumption per Unit Produced
 
Water consumption
 
Water consumption per unit produced
 
Water consumption
 
Water consumption per unit produced
 
(Million m3)
 
(vehicle assembly plants)
 
(m3/unit)

 
 
(Million m3)	(m3/unit)
 
18
Total water consumption (company-wide)
16
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
 
9.0
8.0
7.0
6.0
5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0
1.0
0
 
35
30	28.5
25

20

15

10

5

0
 

29.2



 
31.2




 
31.0




 

29.3



 
7.0

6.0

5.0

4.0

3.0

2.0

1.0

0
 
Asia
(excluding Japan), Australia,
Middle East, South Africa, Latin America
Europe China
North America
Japan (excluding TMC)
TMC
 
’11
 
’12
 
’13
 
’14
 
’15
 
(FY)
 
’01	’12
 
’13
 
’14
 
’15
 
(FY)
 
Note 1: The total water consumption includes both production and non-production divisions
(excluding employee beneﬁt facilities)
Note 2: Water consumption per unit produced indicates the consumption per unit produced at vehicle assembly plants
Note 3: Errors appearing in previous ﬁgures have been corrected
 
Note 1: TMC’s assembly plants and 37 companies (consolidated subsidiaries and other companies in Japan and overseas)
Note 2: Companies added to the scope of calculation in FY2013
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 4 Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage

 
Focus
 

Utilizing Wastewater to Create a Variety of Waterfront Environments
– New Life Brought about by Improved Water Quality -
 

 
For many years, Toyota’s plants in Japan have been working on completely treating plant wastewater (through settling
of suspended solids, ﬁltration, decomposition of organic substances by bacteria, etc.) to return to natural rivers as discharge water.
Since 2015, the Environmental Center* at the Crown- producing Motomachi Plant has been working on building a biotope utilizing treated wastewater. The Center has raised the local native seedlings, and employees and their family members have planted several thousand seedlings in the vicinity over the past ﬁve years. Dragonﬂy nymphs and butterﬂy larvae have been observed in the biotope. This is great news because it proves that the discharged water quality has been embraced by the ecosystem in the area.
It is said that the types of dragonﬂies that inhabit a body of water vary depending on the water quality and ﬂow speed. The grown planted trees provide hiding places for dragonﬂies and spawning grounds for butterﬂies. Although the Motomachi Plant is located in the urban area of Toyota City, Atrocalopteryx atrata, an indicator species for clean ﬂowing water, has already been observed in the forest and we hope that many nymphs will be raised there in the future.
 















Wastewater treatment facility










Biotope at the Environmental Center
 


























Atrocalopteryx atrata that has been observed inside the area with planted trees
 
* The Environmental Center is a facility that powers the Motomachi Plant utilizing energy obtained from combustible waste generated at Toyota plants. Many initiatives related to a low-carbon society, resource recycling, and harmony with nature are being tested inside the Center.



 

Focus
 


Groundwater Puriﬁcation System Installed to Help Improve Residents’ Health and Living
Environment
 

 
In India, many people are drinking water from sources other than municipal waterworks (primarily groundwater).
According to a WHO survey, 21 percent of all communicable diseases reported in India are suspected to be caused
by water, and therefore installing sanitation equipment to produce safe drinking water has become a basic requirement for regional development.
Therefore, Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM), a production afﬁliate in India, has since 2014 been promoting installation of groundwater puriﬁcation systems to address regional issues and support the creation of healthy communities. So far,
a total of 10 such systems have been installed throughout India, including Bidadi where TKM is located. Based on six ﬁltration processes using reverse osmosis membranes* and other technology combined with ultraviolet light irradiation, these systems purify groundwater into water that satisﬁes IS 10500 (Indian standard related to drinking water). As a result, residents are able to purchase clean water at a price that is one-tenth of the market price and a sustainable structure has been built that uses the revenue from sales of the water
 
to cover the operating expenses of the puriﬁcation systems. Approximately 85,000 people are currently beneﬁting from these systems.













Opening ceremony for a water puriﬁcation system

* Reverse osmosis (RO) membrane: a membrane designed to allow water through while blocking non-water material such as impurities and microparticles.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems
Challenge of Establishing a Recycling- based Society and Systems
 
 
With the worldwide increase in population and the pressure for economic growth and convenient lifestyles, the consumption of resources is accelerating. If present trends continue, large-scale exploitation of natural resources will deplete, and appropriate disposal will be unable to keep pace with the increasing amounts of waste generated by mass consumption, resulting in environmental pollution.
To prevent environmental destruction caused by end-of-life vehicles, Toyota is launching the Toyota Global 100 Dismantlers Project, which aims to establish automobile dismantling facilities around the world and develop a scheme that optimizes collection
 
and processing of resources from end-of-life vehicles in an environment-friendly way.
In order to improve resource efﬁciency toward an ideal resource-
recycling based society (circular economy), initiatives are needed in four key areas: (1) utilizing eco-friendly materials, (2) making use of parts for longer, (3) developing recycling technologies, and (4) manufacturing vehicles from end-of-life vehicles.
Toyota aims to establish the ultimate recycling-based society and will promote the Toyota Global Car-to-Car Recycle Project globally, turning end-of-life vehicles back into useful resources for the production of vehicles.
 

 

 
Development and Utilization of Plant-derived Ecological Plastic

Toyota has developed the plant-derived Ecological Plastic* for automotive applications for the ﬁrst time in the world. Toyota promotes the
development of new technologies and practical applications to further expand the use of Ecological Plastic in vehicle parts.
* This type of plastic is derived from plants that absorb CO₂ while growing. Its usage eliminates the CO₂ emitted during petroleum resource drilling and helps reduce the usage of
petroleum resources.

 
Focus
 

Pioneering Use of Biosynthetic Rubber in Engine and Drive System Hoses
 
Toyota became the world’s ﬁrst automaker to use biohydrin rubber,* a biosynthetic rubber jointly developed with Zeon Corporation and Sumitomo Riko Co., Ltd., in vacuum sensing hoses (engine and drive system hoses).
Biohydrin rubber is manufactured using plant-derived bio-materials instead of epichlorohydrin, a commonly-used epoxy compound. The ﬁrst vehicles to use the new vacuum sensing hoses will be produced in May 2016, with usage
 
expected to be rolled out to all Toyota vehicles manufactured in Japan by the end of the year. In the future, Toyota plans
to expand the use of biohydrin to other high-performance rubber components, such as brake hoses and fuel line hoses.

* Since plants absorb CO₂ from the atmosphere during their lifespan, such bio-materials achieve an estimated 20 percent reduction in material lifecycle carbon emissions compared to conventional petroleum-based hydrin rubber.
 






 
Oil palm raw material
 
Bioepichlorohydrin
 
Biohydrin rubber (polymer)
 
Vacuum sensing hoses
 

As biodiesel fuel is produced by chemical processing on oil palm, the raw material of palm oil, bio glycerin is generated as a by-product. The bio glycerin can be
used to manufacture bio epichlorohydrin. (Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials certiﬁcation as a plant-derived raw material has been conﬁrmed.)
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems


Incorporating Initiatives to Improve Vehicle Dismantlability into Designs

 
To promote resource recycling for end-of-life vehicles, Toyota has developed structural designs that make it easy to dismantle and separate parts, based on surveys of actual conditions at
dismantling companies, and has actively adopted these designs for new models.
In December 2015, Toyota launched the fourth-generation Prius, the ﬁrst model to incorporate the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA), an innovative, integrated development program for powertrain components and vehicle platforms, under
Easy-to-dismantle Vehicle Structure
 
the banner, “Building Ever-better Cars.” To achieve superior driving stability and a comfortable ride with little vibration or sway, the new TNGA-based Prius adopted a low center of gravity package and lowered the hood 100 mm compared to the previous generation, resulting in a smaller engine room. However, it still maintains the same level of operational ease for wire harness removal as the previous generation models.
The new Prius was also designed with further improvement in dismantlability.
 

 
Removal of Heavy Components from the Hybrid Vehicle Battery
 
Door Trim Removal
The Easy to Dismantle Mark indicates places where the load
 
Wire    Harness Using Pull-tab Type
Grounding Terminals
 
Wire Harness Layout Innovation
The wire harness can be stripped out without interfering with other
 
Component removal times for the
Prius are further reduced. The new Easy to Dismantle Mark has been added to assist in hoisting heavy components with good balance.
 
required for removing the door trim is 30 percent less than usual.
 
Assembled
condition
 
During dismantling

Pull-off direction
 
components.
 



Separates
at thinner areas


 




Use of the Easy to Dismantle Mark
The Easy to Dismantle Marks are added to clearly indicate key points that assist in initial dismantling.
 
Instrument Panel Removal
The positioning of the V-grooves makes it easy to remove the instrument panel by pulling it strongly.
 






 

Steady Progress in Recycling at Dealers and Parts Distributors

 
Toyota dealers and parts distributors throughout Japan promote recycling as much as possible throughout the use stage of vehicles, including collecting and recycling damaged and removed parts such as bumpers and lead wheel balance weights.
Toyota also promotes activities to reduce resource usage, such as selling rebuilt and used parts, and using tanker trucks to reduce drums for transporting oil.
 
Collection and Recycling of Damaged and Removed Parts
in FY2015

Bumpers	809,000   units (collection rate of 69.4%)
Lead wheel balance weights	28.8 tons
Amount of oil delivered
using tanker trucks (bulk supply system)	63.4% of the volume sold by parts distributors
 

Building a System for Recycling Fuel Cell-speciﬁc Parts

 
To properly dispose of the hydrogen tanks used in the MIRAI, commercially launched in December 2014, Toyota has distributed the Manual for Proper Disposal, Collection and Recycling to vehicle dismantlers. Furthermore, Toyota instructs dismantlers on all the necessary technical steps from removing the hydrogen gas to
 
pulverizing gas containers.
The FC stack installed in the MIRAI uses rare metals such as platinum. Therefore, in conjunction with the launch of the MIRAI, Toyota has established the world’s ﬁrst FC stack collection/ recycling framework.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems

 
Focus
 

Start of Recycling of MIRAI Hydrogen Tanks in Europe
 

 
Leasing of the MIRAI has also begun in Europe. Therefore, it is imperative to properly dispose end-of-life hydrogen tanks. Toward commercialization of a recycling operation, Toyota conducted a pilot program in Europe, and the program recently reached the point of ensuring proper recycling of end-of-life hydrogen tanks, resulting in Toyota’s decision
to sign a subcontracted recycling agreement with a local company. From now on, the hydrogen tanks from the MIRAI that reach their end of life in Europe will be locally recycled. For example, carbon-ﬁber–reinforced plastic (CFRP) will be
 
removed from these tanks and reused as a recycled material.








CFRP hydrogen tank	Pyrolysis process
 



Promoting the Recycling of End-of-life Batteries

 
Since launching the Prius, the world’s ﬁrst mass-produced hybrid passenger vehicle released in December 1997, Toyota has built its own recovery network to collect end-of-life hybrid vehicle (HV) batteries to be recycled. As of March 31, 2016, Toyota has collected approximately 55,300 end-of-life HV batteries and is recycling all of them.
HV batteries contain precious resources such as nickel, cobalt,
and rare earth elements. Toyota is developing the world’s ﬁrst
 
Toyota further plans to promote the skillful reuse of batteries from end-of-life vehicles as part of measures to use renewable energy in an environmentally conscious manner. When these reused batteries ﬁnally reach the end of their own use cycle, their metal parts are recycled into new batteries again.

Step 1
 
vehicle-to-vehicle recycling technologies to enable these precious resources to be reused in new batteries.
Because it is expected that tens of thousands of end-of-life HV batteries will be generated by the middle of the 2020s, Toyota has
also developed the world’s ﬁrst technologies for reusing these HV
 
Hybrid vehicle batteries
 






Reuse
 
Reused as Prius batteries for repair or replacement
Step 2
Reused as storage batteries for photovoltaic power
 
batteries. The batteries are reused as replacement batteries or as stationary storage batteries in photovoltaic power generation systems.
 

End-of-life hybrid vehicles
 
Recycle
Hybrid battery collection
 
generation
Step 3
Rare metal recycling
 

Recovery of Neodymium and Dysprosium from HV Motors

 
The magnets used in HV motors contain neodymium and dysprosium, two types of rare-earth elements. Toyota is working on the research and development of a motor that uses as little rare- earth elements as possible. Toyota has also launched a vehicle-to- vehicle recycling system for extracting neodymium and dysprosium from end-of-life HV motors to be reprocessed back into new magnets, in collaboration with magnet manufacturers. In FY2012 and FY2013, Toyota afﬁliates, Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. and Toyotsu Recycle Corporation, received support from the New Energy
and Industrial Technology Development Organization to conduct
 
a veriﬁcation project for separating magnets from motors. They have now installed appropriate equipment and developed related recycling technologies. Since February 2012, a total of 20 tons of magnets have been collected.
In FY2015, Toyota worked with Sanwayuka Industry Corporation to start a new recycling route for reusing recovered neodymium and dysprosium as additives to catalysts. This development adds a new route to the magnet-to-magnet recycling route, diversifying the recycling possibilities.
 

Vehicle-to-vehicle Recycling of Copper Resources in Wiring Harnesses

 
Copper is used in power transmission and other wiring, but roughly only 40 years’ worth of mineable copper resources are said to remain worldwide. Meanwhile, demand for wiring in emerging countries is increasing, and large amounts of copper are used in the motors of hybrid and other next-generation vehicles, which
are expected to become increasingly popular going forward. For these reasons, recycling the copper used in wiring harnesses has become a critical issue for the automotive industry.
Toyota has therefore collaborated with Yazaki Corporation,
 
Toyota Tsusho Corporation and seven of Toyota Tsusho’s dismantling partners in the Chubu region of Japan to develop vehicle-to-vehicle recycling technologies. Trial production involving small amounts of recycled copper began at Toyota’s Honsha Plant in 2013. The prospect of being able to stably produce copper became evident in 2014, meaning that the copper recycling technology had been fully developed.
Since April 2013, a cumulative total of 127 tons of wire harnesses have been collected.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems

 
Focus
 

Promotion of Resource Recycling in Collaboration with Dismantlers
 

 

Toyota has collaborated with Toyota Tsusho Corporation and seven of Toyota Tsusho’s dismantling partners in the Chubu region of Japan to establish the Resource Recycling Research Meeting. Since 2010, this research meeting has conducted research on ways to effectively
utilize resources recovered from end-of-life vehicles, such as wire harnesses and plastic parts.













Tungsten Recycling
 
Seven Dismantling Companies in the Chubu Region of Japan (in Random Order)

Company name	Location
New Iwata Corporation	Ichinomiya City, Aichi Prefecture
Johoku Jidosya Kogyo Co., Ltd.	Kasugai City, Aichi Prefecture
Auto Recycle Sanri	Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture
Morita Sharyo Corporation	Handa City, Aichi Prefecture
Yamauchi Shouten Co., Ltd.	Inazawa City, Aichi Prefecture
Kobayashi-shouten Inc.	Tsu City, Mie Prefecture
Marudai Sangyo Corporation	Ina City, Nagano Prefecture
 

 
Additionally, in an effort to recycle rare metals used in products other than vehicles, Toyota collaborated with Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd. in 2010 to establish a business venture involving a system for recycling tungsten, which is used in cemented carbide tools, etc.
One hundred percent of the tungsten used in Japan is imported and
 
80 percent of cutting tips of cemented carbide tools use tungsten. By sorting and collecting end-of-life cemented carbide tools generated at Toyota plants, the venture recovers and re-uses 100 percent of the tungsten they contain. By the end of March 2016, approximately 129 tons of tungsten had been recycled.
 


 

Ensuring Compliance with the End-of-life Vehicle Recycling Law in Japan
TMC’s Vehicle Recycling Rate2  and
 
Toyota has been steadily working with dismantling and recycling companies to ensure compliance with the Japanese end-of-life vehicle (ELV) Recycling Law that came into effect in January 2005. Toyota collects and treats CFCs and HFCs, and also recycles and recovers airbags and automobile shredder residue (ASR1) from end- of-life vehicles.
In FY2015, the ASR recovery rate was 97 percent and the vehicle recycling rate2 reached 99 percent.

1	Residue after vehicles are shredded
2	Calculated by adding to the percentage recycled and recovered up to the dismantling
and shredding processes (approximately 83%, quoted from the April 2003 joint council
 
ASR Recovery Rate in Japan
(%)
100






70

60
 


TMC’s vehicle recycling rate (converted into a per-vehicle value)
TMC’s ASR
recovery rate


Legally mandated 70% standard
for FY2015
 
report) the remaining ASR rate of 17% × ASR recovery rate of 97%
 
’10
 
’11
 
’12
 
’13	’14
 
’15 (FY)
 


Compliance with End-of-life Vehicle Recycling Laws Overseas

 
In China, the Sales/Recycling Working Group, under the Toyota China Environment Committee, is working closely with local afﬁliates to promote compliance activities with local automobile recycling laws through measures such as ascertaining regulatory trends and surveying local infrastructure conditions. In February 2014, a plant was opened in Beijing with 32 percent investment by Toyota Tsusho
Group as the ﬁrst base for the Toyota Global 100 Dismantlers Project.
 
This plant aims to become a model dismantling plant for end-of-life vehicles in China. Approximately 20,000 vehicles were dismantled at the plant in FY2015. In the future, similar plants are being considered for other areas of China in step with progress in the establishment
of applicable laws in Chinese society, such as the enforcement of automobile recycling laws.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems


Continuing to Conduct Activities Aimed at Reducing Waste Volume

 
In FY2015, Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) continued implementing waste reduction measures such as reducing industrial dust and sludge volume. The total waste volume was 35,200 tons (a decrease of 2.0 percent from FY2014), and the waste volume per unit produced was 12.5 kg (a decrease of 0.1 percent from FY2014).
 
On the global level, Toyota is engaging in ongoing waste reduction activities, in coordination with diligent cost cutting. As a result, in FY2015, the total volume of waste was 461,000 tons (a decrease of 3.1 percent from FY2014) and waste volume per unit produced was 45.3 kg (a decrease of 1.4 percent from FY2014).
 

 
Total Waste Volume and Waste Volume per Unit Produced at TMC
 
Global Waste Volumes and Waste Volume per Unit Produced
 
Total waste volume (Thousand tons)
80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
 
Per unit produced

 

 
 
(kg/unit)

 




 
Total waste volume (Thousand tons)
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
 
Waste volume per unit produced
 
(kg/unit)
80
70
60
50
40
30

 
0
 

The new waste index started with the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan
Waste at cost*
+ incineration + landfill
Asia
(excluding Japan), Australia,
Middle East, South Africa, Latin America
Europe China
North America
 
’11
 
’12
 
’13
 
’14
 
’15
 
(FY)
 
Japan
 

Note 1: The total waste volume includes both production and non-production divisions (excluding employee benefit facilities)
Note 2: The total waste volume in production divisions covers the waste generated as a result of production activities
Note 3: Waste at cost = Waste that is recycled for a fee
 
* Waste at cost: Waste that is recycled for a fee
Note: TMC and 121 companies (consolidated subsidiaries and other companies in Japan and overseas)
Japan: Companies listed in Groups 1–5 on page 42 (including second-tier subsidiaries; excluding Toyota Tsusho)
Overseas: Production companies and production/sales companies listed on page 42
 
(excluding TMC) TMC
 



 

Continuing to Conduct Activities Aimed at Reducing Use of Packaging and Wrapping Material

 
In order to reduce the use of packaging and wrapping materials, Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) continued implementing measures such as simplifying wrapping speciﬁcations and expanding the use of returnable shipping containers. As a result of these measures, usage decreased by 1,200 tons. Together with the impact of a decrease in shipment volume and other factors, total usage was reduced to 50,900 tons. Usage of packaging and wrapping material
 
per shipment unit was 7.36 kg/m³.
In FY2008, TMC began implementing measures to determine the usage volume of packaging and wrapping material at afﬁliates worldwide. Assessments for all regions, excluding North America, have almost been completed. Because it has been difﬁcult to assess the usage at suppliers in North America, TMC is currently adjusting the assessment method.
 

TMC (Japan) Usage of Packaging and Wrapping Materials
 

TMC (Japan) Usage of Packaging and Wrapping Materials per Shipment Unit
 

(Thousand tons)

70
 

(kg/m3)

11.0
 

Goal Result
 


60	e
 
10.0  9.63	

9.0
 
Improvement -1.2 crease
50	shipment volume
.6

0
 
8.0

7.0

6.0

0
 

7.23
 

6.97	6.98
 

7.36
 
’11
 
’12
 
’13
 
’14
 
’15
 
(FY)
 
’06	’12	’13	’14
 
’15
 
(FY)
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 5 Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems
Results of Activities to Reduce Usage of Packaging and Wrapping Material

Improvement	Products	Main details of activity	Reduction volume (thousand tons)


Simplification of specifications	
Service parts	Changing packaging specifications, reuse etc.	0.1
		Increasing lean specifications for wrapping	0.3
	Production parts	Improvement of parts quantity per box, simplification of packaging specifications	0.3

Use of returnable containers	Service parts	Expanding the use of returnable containers (increasing the number of applicable items)	0.5
	Production parts	Expanding the use of returnable containers (increasing the number of applicable items)	0.03
Total	1.2



 
Focus
 


Activities to Test Recycling of Bumper Covers and Scrap Parts for Waste Reduction
 

Toyota’s North American Parts Operation (NAPO) is working to reduce waste by recycling damaged bumper covers and scrap parts.
Working with business partner Boles Parts Supply (BPS), the program uses a methodology called “National Scrap Program” devised in 2014 to process various kinds of parts that previously could not be reused into plastic pellets of various sizes that can be reused.
The program was ﬁrst veriﬁed at Toyota’s two largest parts centers in Ontario, California and Hebron, Kentucky. In the ﬁrst 15 months, the program recycled over 40,000 pounds of cloth and foam, two materials that in the past
 

were incinerated or sent to landﬁlls.
The program was then expanded to six parts distribution centers in Cincinnati, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Portland. This move resulted in the recycling of over 88,000 pounds of parts, accounting for 92 percent of previously non-reusable parts.
BPS has so far succeeded in recycling more than 14 types of waste generated by Toyota. The recycled pellets are also sold to fabric makers and other vendors who manufacture car bumpers, and become part of the materials used to create new vehicle parts.
Juliana Dee, manager of the program at NAPO, states,
 

Damaged bumper covers are recycled into plastic pellets.







 
“We’ve been enormously pleased with the success of this program. Thanks to our partner BPS, we are giving a
second life to things that used to be trash and making a real improvement in our recycling rate. . . It means fewer raw materials are used and less waste is being disposed—a real win-win for the environment.”
NAPO conﬁrmed that its overall recycling rate in FY2015 had improved by 3 percent over the previous year and that the parts center in Ontario in particular had improved its recycling rate by an amazing 11 percent.
 
Toyota is currently reviewing the program for potential rollout to remaining parts distribution centers by the end of FY2017.
BPS President Jerry Boles
“Toyota is such an outstanding client, and these guys are truly focused on environmental performance. . . We are very proud of this success.”
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature
Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature



If humans and nature are to coexist into the future, we need to conserve forests and other rich natural systems in all regions. However, deforestation is progressing around the world, and forest equivalent to 14 percent of Japan’s land area is lost each year.*
The Toyota Group companies have engaged in planting trees at plants, environmental conservation activities in their surrounding areas, and environmental education in order to “enrich the lives of communities” in each region. Going forward, we will promote such activities at group, regional, and organizational levels using the insights we have gathered so far.

















Three Connecting Projects Expand Activities to Communities, the World, and the Future

 
Ahead of COP 10*, Toyota created the Toyota Biodiversity Guidelines (a voluntary policy initiative) in March 2008. These guidelines consist of Toyota’s basic philosophy on biodiversity-related initiatives and the following three action items: (1) Contribution through technology;
(2) Collaboration and cooperation with society; and (3) Information disclosure. Toyota has been carrying out a variety of activities in accordance with these guidelines.
In conjunction with the recent announcement of the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, we have shared these guidelines with the Toyota Group companies and have launched three “connecting” projects.
* COP 10: 10th Meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological
 
Basic Concept of the Initiatives
Cognizant of the importance of biodiversity and based on the Guiding Principles at Toyota, we are addressing biodiversity issues in areas such as the automobile and housing businesses, new businesses, and contributing to resolving social issues with the aim of realizing enhanced quality of the environment and prosperous societies, and achieving sustainable development.



Contribution through Technology
Toyota is pursuing the possibilities of biotechnology, afforestation technology, and environmental technology with the aim of balancing biodiversity and corporate activities.
 
Diversity
	Toyota Green Wave Project: Connecting Communities

	Toyota Today for Tomorrow Project: Connecting with the World

	Toyota ESD Project: Connecting to the Future
 
Collaboration and Cooperation with Society
Toyota seeks to build collaborative and cooperative relationships with a wide range of organizations involved with biodiversity throughout society including governmental bodies, international organizations, and non-profit organizations.
 
Information Disclosure
Toyota voluntarily discloses its initiatives relating to biodiversity by synchronizing corporate activities and the outcome of such initiatives with the aims of sharing information broadly with society and thereby contributing to the development of a sustainable society.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature


Toyota Green Wave Project: Connecting
Communities

 
The Toyota Group companies have planted trees at plants and undertaken environmental conservation activities in their
surrounding areas in order to “enrich the lives of communities” in each region. The Toyota Green Wave Project is an initiative to connect these diverse activities. The All-Toyota Harmony with Nature Working Group was launched by the Toyota Group companies with a view to promoting this project. This working group has started concrete activities including planning and
implementing activities that promote harmony with nature in each community, developing new evaluation tools, and raising social awareness through the dissemination of information.
 













Preserving loggerhead turtle spawning beaches in Aichi Prefecture (April 2016)
 

     
Tree Planting by TMEC in China (May 2016)	Bamboo thinning in the Yahagi River in Aichi
Prefecture (April 2016)



All-Toyota Green Wave Project Booklet Released
In June 2016, Toyota released a booklet to raise employees’ environmental awareness and distributed it internally in conjunction with Environmental Month. The booklet presents information on the signiﬁcance of the Green Wave Project, the importance of
biodiversity, and examples of activities by Toyota Group companies, raising employees’ awareness of participation in such activities and promoting the importance of cross-functional cooperation.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature

Tree Planting at Plants: Promoting Sustainable Plant Activities

 
Since 2007, Toyota has been pursuing sustainable plant activities, positioning the Prius-producing Tsutsumi Plant as a model plant, to bring the concept of sustainability into monozukuri. With the concept of “plant development that fully utilizes natural resources while operating in harmony with nature,” efforts are underway towards reducing energy consumption, changing energy sources, enhancing communication with local communities, and preserving biodiversity.
As part of those efforts, the number of trees planted by some 50,000 employees, family members, and local residents in regions around the world has come to 850,000 trees in 2015. As these forests grow, indigenous organisms are returning back and
diverse organisms are propagating in the forests, creating habitats rich in nature and living organisms.
In FY2015, 440 trees were planted at the Teiho Plant, bringing the total to 3,600. At the Motomachi Environmental Center, 130 employees planted 1,850 trees, bringing the total to 15,478. We also conducted tree-planting
activities at TMEC in China. Seedlings such as ring-cup oak and Japanese chinquapin are raised by employees from acorns (seeds) for three years until they reach a size suitable
for planting. Some 30,000 of the
seedlings have been provided
An employee growing seedlings
 












Teiho Plant (left: photo from 2014 before tree planting; right: photo taken in 2015 after tree planting)

Tree-planting activity at the Motomachi Environmental Center in May 2016
 
for afforestation activities at 12 plants in Japan.

TerO0Y6_O0T3A Mie Miyagawa Mountain Forest Project Builds Healthy Forests and Uses Timber Resources

 
In 2007, Toyota acquired 1,702 hectares of forest land in Odai-cho, Taki-gun, Mie Prefecture. The forestry restoration program was launched to maximize the diverse functions of the forest. In addition, automobile manufacturing expertise was introduced to the forest site and information management. We have also worked on data- based forest management, low-cost maintenance and improvement of worker safety. In FY2015, timber from the forest was used for renovation of Toyota facilities (the Toyota Kaikan Exhibition Hall and Toyota Automobile Museum).
Toyota also launched environmental education programs in FY2014 to make more people understand the association with forests. In FY2015, we started tree planting for timber production
 
and a hands-on course on traditional wooden housing building techniques for high school students in cooperation with local high schools and residents.
   
The restored forests	Wood materials used at the Toyota Kaikan Exhibition Hall
 

 

Toyota Today for Tomorrow Project: Connecting to the World

 
Toyota has conducted cooperative activities with domestic and overseas environmental NGOs including the Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program and afforestation programs in China and the Philippines. The long-standing grant program will be conducted
 
in the future in collaboration with a variety of global organizations
to support projects that can provide signiﬁcant impetus to society, create new value, take the initiative in launching projects that promote global environmental activities, and lead society as a whole.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature

Feri0rs6t_0S5tage of the Today for Tomorrow Project: Cooperative Project Launched with IUCN
In May 2016, Toyota signed a new partnership agreement with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the ﬁrst such agreement with a private business. Toyota and the IUCN announced a strengthening of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, a global shared database maintained by the IUCN,
and collaborative measures to raise awareness regarding the importance of biodiversity. In 2016, subsidies of approximately 1.2 million U.S. dollars will be provided.

 	For details on projects with international organizations, see the Environmental Report 2016 (page 8). 

 
Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program
Outline and Purpose of Program

The Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program was inaugurated in 1999, commemorating Toyota’s receipt of the prestigious Global 500 Award, to further demonstrate Toyota’s responsibility for the environment and sustainable development. Upon the occasion of receipt of this award, in FY2000, Toyota launched a grant program that supports the environmental activities of NPOs and other groups with the aim of solving issues in environmental ﬁelds and supporting the development of the next generation of human resources.
Examples of Grant Recipient Projects
 


Grants Provided to Date
Over the 16 years since the Grant Program was established, it has provided support to 304 projects in 53 countries and regions worldwide


Country/ region of implementation	Asia (excluding Japan), Paciﬁc	North America, Latin America	
Africa	
Europe	
Japan	
Total
FY2015	5	1	3	1	16	26
Cumulative total*	98	20	28	10	148	304
* FY2000 - FY2015 (Grant topics: biodiversity, global climate change)
 

Guinea | The Green Corridors to Connect Two Forested Habitats of Wild Chimpanzees by Planting Trees

 
The Green Corridors
The Bossou chimpanzees in the Republic of Guinea have been faced extreme difﬁculty interchanging with other groups of chimpanzees due to fragmentation of the forests where they live. This project is to plant saplings in the savanna between Bossou and the Mount Nimba Strict Nature Reserve, a UNESCO world heritage site, to create an environment that allows the chimpanzees to travel back and forth and preserve this endangered species.
In FY2015, some 7,000 saplings were planted to connect to the green corridor created the previous year, bringing the total number of trees planted to 22,000, and a wildlife survey was conducted.
The chimpanzee population plunged dramatically during the spread of the Ebola virus, and the community is aging. As a result, these
 

chimpanzees’ risk of extinction has become even higher. International teams which had been suspended were revived and educational activities were conducted through a variety of symposia
in Guinea. We will also accelerate the tree- planting activities in the Green Corridor Project.
 


Wild chimpanzees in Bossou, Guinea
 
Japan | Yatsushiro Illustrated Encyclopedia for Children and Nature, Created Jointly by Youths, Governmental Agencies, Academics, and the Private Sector
Jisedainotameni Ganbarokai
 
To protect the critical wetlands at the mouth of the Kuma River in Yatsushiro City, Kumamoto Prefecture, where numerous critically endangered organisms live, a project team made up of youths, governmental agencies, academics, and the private sector was created with high school students from the city playing a central role. They are undertaking to develop the human resources that will be essential for environmental preservation. As one of these measures, they created the Yatsushiro Illustrated Encyclopedia for Children
and Nature, prepared by conducting numerous interviews with distinguished local persons.
By comparing and organizing lifestyles in the past and present,
 
Encyclopedia and a children’s card game tournament using rare species picture cards created by high school students on their own.
 
the project team was able to enhance its own knowledge and awareness. Efforts will be made to raise local awareness of the natural environment through study sessions using the Illustrated
 
The Yatsushiro Illustrated Encyclopedia for Children and Nature, prepared by conducting interviews with distinguished local persons
 
Rare species card game tournament
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature


 
Toyota ESD Project: Connecting to the Future
Human resources development is crucial for expanding environmental conservation activities to the future. Consequently, the Toyota Education for Sustainable Development (ESD) Project promotes sustainable human resource development that matches the community.
In Japan, taking the 10th anniversary of establishment of the Toyota Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute, we focus on the children’s camp program. Conservation activities as well as environmental
 


education programs for local junior high school students are conducted at the new Toyota R&D Center.
Overseas, we launched the Toyota Biodiversity and Sustainability Learning Center at the Toyota Ban Pho Plant in Thailand, and the center is developing environmental educational programs. We further proceed with other environmental educational programs involving human resources and utilizing the Toyota Group plants.
 
Tero0y6o_0ta7 Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute Widely Promotes Locally-Rooted Environmental Education Programs that Value Nature’s Wisdom

 
The Toyota Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute, located in the World Heritage site Shirakawa-Go, was opened in April 2005 with the goal of promoting environmental education. In FY2015, the number of visitors reached a record high of 16,959 including many visitors from overseas, bringing the total number to 172,000.
On June 14, 2015, a commemorative ceremony was held to mark the 10th anniversary of the Institute’s opening. The ceremony was attended by guests from Shirakawa Village and representatives from Toyota and other organizations. Toshiyuki
Yamada, who was appointed as the new director of the Institute in April 2015, spoke of the institute’s journey over the last 10 years and the direction for its future activities, with the key theme of “shared education” that leads to “harmonious coexistence.”
The Institute’s programs including the children’s camp were highly acclaimed, and the institute received an honorable mention for the FY2015 Promoting Youth Activities award, sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Consequently, it is undertaking programs that create opportunities
 
to consider environment and harmonious coexistence, grow and learn together through “shared education,” and enable individuals to “think and act independently.”

 
 

     
 
Orientation in the snow ﬁeld
 
Hands-on activities in the forests
 
Tenth anniversary commemorative ceremony
 

Forest of Toyota: Contributing to Develop a Sustainable Society through Forestry Activities
The 45-hectare company-owned forest in Toyota City was developed based on the satoyama model of biodiverse landscapes where humans interact with nature. It is offered as a site for environmental learning targeting a wide segment of society with a focus on local schoolchildren.
In FY2015, a new symposium on ﬂying squirrels, which live in the area, was conducted. The symposium became an opportunity for mutual learning by the individuals who attended from around the country through the lectures by experts, ﬁeldwork, and other programs. In recognition of these long-standing activities, Toyota
 
received the Green Society Award in the presence of Their Imperial Highnesses Prince and Princess Akishino in October.
 
A hands-on learning program for elementary school children using persimmon
 
Flying squirrels use a nest box
 

 
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature

 
Focus
 


Protecting the Monarch Butterﬂy, an Indicator Species for Grassland Ecosystems, at All Sites in
North America
 

Most ﬂowering plants depend on pollinators for seed production. There are a variety of pollinators, moving pollen from the male to the female part of a ﬂower to fertilize the plant, ranging from bees to birds, bats and butterﬂies. In addition to ﬂowers, a number of food crops rely on pollination. However, as the number of pollinators, including honeybees, has declined globally, protecting them has become an urgent issue also from the viewpoint of preserving biodiversity.
The monarch butterﬂy (Danaus plexippus) is a pollinator that migrates between the southern and northern parts of North America and is known as an indicator species for grassland biodiversity. Unfortunately, the monarch population in North America has declined by as much as 90 percent over the past two decades and the monarch is facing the risk of extinction. This is why Toyota has decided to create pollinator gardens in the 21,000 acres of land it owns in North America.
The monarch migrates from Canada in the north, through the U.S., to Mexico in the south. Studying the monarch’s
 

migration and overwintering patterns, we have been planting wildﬂowers and milkweed inside many of our North American plant sites and in the surrounding communities to provide waystations along the migration pathway. Wildﬂowers provide nectar to the adults while milkweed serves as food and shelter for monarch larvae.
Monarch butterﬂies have already been observed at all Toyota plant sites, indicating the waystations are helping the monarch butterﬂies during their migration. Toyota Motor
Manufacturing Kentucky (TMMK) distributes milkweed seeds to elementary schools in the surrounding communities and teaches the students how to observe the monarch, with the hope of expanding its habitat.
These activities have been ofﬁcially recognized as excellent initiatives for ecosystem protection by both the federal and state governments, and have received the “Wildlife at Work” certiﬁcation from the Wildlife Habitat Council, an NPO.
 


Toyota’s North American Facilities and the Monarch’s Migration Pathways












 
: Toyota-related facilities
 
© 1998 WWW.MONARCHWATCH.ORG
 

Monarch butterﬂy
 














Monarch butterﬂy perched on an employee’s hand	TMMMS’s pollinator garden
 







Environmental Initiatives | Challenge 6 Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature

 
er06F_o0cu8s
 

Initiatives at the New Toyota R&D Center Promoting Harmony with the Natural Environment and Local Communities
 

In order to develop sustainable next-generation mobility, Toyota is proceeding with plans to construct a new research and development facility in Toyota City and Okazaki City. In pursuing this project, Toyota set out to build a technical center that operates in harmony with both the natural environment and local communities. About 60 percent of the total
project site will be preserved as areas for the regeneration of forest and restoration of yatsuda rice paddies, and their management. Toyota is also actively sharing information that includes the status of these initiatives and the knowledge gained through them.
 














Site map of the new R&D Center
 

















Legend:
R&D Center area
Conservation area (preserved forests and yatsuda rice paddies)
Business area
 

Progress in FY2015 (1): Wild Bird Conservation Activities—Mandarin Ducks Use Nest Boxes

Nest boxes for breeding were installed in planned conservation areas to promote wild bird conservation. The numbers of some species are declining in the wild, possibly because of the lack of tree hollows that birds can use for breeding. A conservation area was created with the aim of maintaining mature trees that can be expected to form
hollows, but it will many years until these trees grow enough to develop natural hollows.
In FY2012, we established a joint program with a conservation group, selecting four species of endangered birds in the area (Mandarin Duck (Aix galericulata), Ural Owl (Strix uralensis), Oriental Dollarbird (Eurystomus orientalis) and Eurasian Treecreeper (Certhia familiaris)) as the targets of our conservation efforts using nest boxes to replace tree hollows. In FY2014, two pairs of Ural owls began using nest boxes. In FY2015, Mandarin ducks, which have rarely been observed breeding in Aichi Prefecture, began using the nest boxes and safe ﬂedging was conﬁrmed.

 

Target species for conservation and reasons for their selection
 
A Mandarin duck using a nest box
 


 
Mandarin Duck
Despite the dwindling nesting habitat in the region, some individuals have been conﬁrmed to inhabit the area surrounding the R&D Center site.	
 
Oriental Dollarbird
Although the number of breeding occurrences in the region has been extremely small, some individuals have been conﬁrmed to inhabit the R&D Center site.	
 
Ural Owl
Despite the dwindling nesting habitat in the region, some individuals have been conﬁrmed to inhabit the R&D Center site.	
 
Eurasian Treecreeper Although the number of breeding occurrences has been extremely
small in the region, some individuals have been conﬁrmed to inhabit the R&D Center site.


Progress in FY2015 (2): Frogs Join Series of Informational Pamphlets, Bringing Total to Five
Toyota prepares pamphlets about key species symbolizing the satoyama environment in the planned project area, distributes these at events, and makes them available on the Toyota global site. In FY2015, Toyota issued a new pamphlet on various species of frog. In addition to the known characteristics of frogs seen in and around the planned project site, the pamphlet uses photos, drawings, and easy–to-understand text in order to convey new information about the frogs’ annual lifecycle gathered through surveys of their calls and so on.
At the same time, we updated the content of the four pamphlets previously released and shown below. The pamphlet on the Japanese Night Heron Gorsachius goisagi was listed as a reference work in the Japanese Night Heron Preservation Procedure announced by the Ministry of the Environment in June 2016.


A female Black-spotted Pond Frog Ministry of the Environment Red List: NT (near-threatened species)
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management
Environmental Management


 
Toyota’s philosophy and policies on the environment are based on the Guiding Principles at Toyota, which were established in 1992 and revised in 1997. Policies for environmental initiatives were formulated as the Toyota Earth Charter in 1992 and then revised in 2000. This Charter is shared among 559 Toyota consolidated afﬁliates around the world.
The Toyota Global Vision announced in 2011 stresses the
 
importance of “respect for the planet.”
Based on its philosophy and policies, in FY2015 Toyota formulated the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, its ﬁrst long-term vision for environmental initiatives. In FY2016, Toyota
will begin the Sixth Toyota Environmental Action Plan (2016–2020) and take steps to grow sustainably together with society toward the year 2050.
 

Toyota Environmental Action Plan System










Tero0y7o_0ta2 Earth Charter

 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

The Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan

 
The Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan deﬁnes the action plan and goals for the ﬁve-year period starting in FY2011.
In developing the plan, Toyota streamlined actions from two points of view: environmental risks and business opportunities (such as the spread of eco-cars) in corporate operations.
Environmental activities to be implemented for 2020–2030 were
 
categorized according to three priority themes: “contribution to a low-carbon society,” “contribution to a recycling-based society,” and “environmental protection and contribution to a society in harmony with nature.” Initiatives and speciﬁc items to be implemented in
each area of corporate activities were formulated in order to further promote and strengthen environmental management.
 
 	For details of the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan, see Environmental Report 2016, page 4. 

The Sixth Toyota Environmental Action Plan

 
The Sixth Toyota Environmental Action Plan deﬁnes the activities to be implemented over FY2016–2020 in order to meet the six challenges outlined in the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050.
In formulating the plan, environmental activities were categorized according to the three priority themes in the Fifth Plan: “contribution to a low-carbon society,” “contribution to a recycling- based society,” and “environmental protection and contribution to
 
a society in harmony with nature.” Embracing these three themes, Toyota will contribute to the sustainable development of society and the planet by ensuring harmony with the global environment in its monozukuri (manufacturing), kurumazukuri (car-making) and delivery of products and services.
 

 

 

Since April 2015, Toyota has been considering growth and business strategies that take a variety of social issues into account at the Corporate Planning Meeting.
Environmental actions are discussed alongside business strategies in this meeting.
Through the following three committees—the Environmental Product Design Assessment Committee, the Production Environment Committee, and the Resource Recycling Committee—issues and response policies in all areas are investigated, and company-wide initiatives are promoted in liaison with all relevant divisions.
 
Organization Framework (As of June 30, 2016)

 

 	 
 




 

Promotion Structure for Global Environmental Management
 

Toyota positions the environment as a key management issue and has formed and promoted activities through a promotion
structure for global environment management. From the standpoint of “more Toyota people should take the initiative in concern for
the environment,” the scope of our programs covers not only
Promotion Structure for Global Environmental Management
 

consolidated subsidiaries, but also voluntarily participating non- consolidated afﬁliate companies and production companies for a total of 559 ﬁrms. These companies cover almost 100 percent of the total production volume and approximately 90 percent of the total sales volume.
 

 	 	 


 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

Scope of Companies Subject to Consolidated EMS
 

Toyota’s consolidated environmental management system (EMS) covers a total of 559 companies. This includes not only all ﬁnancially consolidated subsidiaries, but also major production companies, overseas distributors and other companies not subject to consolidated accounting.
Speciﬁcally, companies subject to consolidated EMS fall into the
following four major categories:
(1)	163 subsidiaries which are ﬁnancially consolidated and under the
direct control of Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC);
(2)	51 major production companies and overseas distributors that are not subject to consolidated accounting;
(3)	One organization from other types of businesses; and
(4)	344 subsidiaries that are ﬁnancially consolidated and under the
indirect control of TMC (managed via consolidated subsidiaries).
Mera0i7n_C0o6mpanies Subject to Consolidated EMS
 
Details of Actions

 

* TMC’s requirements to companies not subject to consolidated accounting may vary
according to region and the nature of business
 

European affiliates that have voluntarily participated
Toyota Hellas (Greece)	Toyota Ireland (Ireland)	Louwman & Parqui (The Netherlands) Toyota AG (Switzerland)	Toyota SA (Turkey)	Another 10 companies
Fifteen non-consolidated distributors in Europe are voluntarily implementing EMS, including acquisition of ISO certification, with TME support.
 
TDG (Germany)
 
TSW (Sweden)
 
(As of March 31, 2016)
 
TMG (Germany) TDK (Denmark) TNR (Norway)



TME (Belgium) TMUK (U.K.)
TGB (U.K.)
 
TAF (Finland) TMMP (Poland) TMIP (Poland) TMR (Russia) TMPL(Poland)
TMCZ (Czech Republic) TCE (Hungary)
TPCA (Czech Republic)
TES (Spain) ED2 (France) TMI (Italy)

TTFC (China)
 



TFTD (China) TMCI (China) TTCC (China) FTMS (China)
FTCE (China)
TMKR (South Korea)
CAPTIN (Canada)

Japan
 






North America


TMMI (U.S.)
 






TMMC (Canada) TCI (Canada)


TMA (U.S.)
 



TMMF (France) TFR (France)
 

Europe
 
TMMT
(Turkey)


IMC (Pakistan)
 
TFAP (China)
 SFTM (China)
TMCAP (China)
       GTMC (China)
GTE (China)
 
TMC, other
 TFTE (China)
 TFTM (China) TMEC (China) Kuozui (Taiwan) Hotai (Taiwan)
 
TMS (U.S.)
TABC (U.S.)
CALTY (U.S.)

TMMBC
(Mexico)
 
BODINE    
(U.S.)
 
TMMWV (U.S.)
TMMK (U.S.)
TEMA (U.S.)
TMMMS (U.S.)
TMMAL (U.S.)
TMMTX (U.S.)
 










TSAM
(South Africa)
 
TTPI (India)  	
TKM (India) TKAP (India)


TMAP-EM (Thailand) TMT (Thailand) STM (Thailand) UMWT (Malaysia)
 ASSB (Malaysia)
TBI (Indonesia)



Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, Middle East and Africa
 
 TMP (The Philippines) TAP (The Philippines) TMV (Vietnam)
TMAP-MS (Singapore) TMMIN (Indonesia)
 TAM (Indonesia) 




AAP (Australia) TMCA (Australia)
TTC-AP-AU (Australia) TNZ (New Zealand)
 






TDB (Brazil)

TASA
(Argentina)

South America
 

TDV
(Venezuela)
 

 
Mer0a7in_0C5ompanies Subject to Consolidated Environmental Management System (EMS) in Japan (Alphabetical order)
 



(As of March 31, 2016)
 

     
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

Action Policies and Results of Major Afﬁliates Implementing Consolidated Environmental
Management in FY2015

 
FY2015 Action Policies and Activity Results
	Action Policy	Goals	Activity Results



Overall	Promote environmental management through strengthened cooperation with each region	Achieve goals in all areas



Plan direction of future environmental strategy	Strengthened consolidated environmental management Carried out environmental meetings in Japan and overseas Created global environmental awards
Promoted activities under the Fifth Toyota Environmental Action Plan
Established goals for each area (Sixth Toyota
Environmental Action Plan)
	

Production
(84 companies)	Japan
(40 companies)	All companies to implement initiatives toward achieving FY2015 goals
Strengthen activities to prevent recurrence of non-compliance and complaints	Achieve goals in Japan and in all regions
Zero non-compliance and complaints	All companies implemented systematic measures and almost all goals were achieved
Proactive preventive measures were implemented, but there were cases of minor non-compliance (1 instance2 of non-compliance; 0 complaints)
		Overseas
(44 companies1)			
	


Sales
(78 companies)	
Japan
(31 companies)	Provide support to the Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council for acquisition of third-party certification of its environmental management system	Increase the number of dealers that acquire EMS3 certification	Provided support for the acquisition of EMS certification;
		
Overseas
(47 companies1)	Overseas dealers to promote environmental risk audits through DERAP4	Achieve goals
Percentage of dealers: 80% or more	Achieved goals Percentage of dealers: 89%
 
The 65 other Toyota Group companies in Japan and overseas are implementing individual activities on their own initiative
 
1	Includes the 12 production/sales companies
2	1 in Japan (excluding TMC) and 0 overseas
 
3	Environmental Management System
4	Dealer Environmental Risk Audit Program
 

 
Global ECO. Award
Background and Purpose
The Global ECO. Award began in 2006 for the purpose of promoting improvement activities of overseas afﬁliates and encouraging yokoten (sharing) of the best improvement practices among afﬁliates worldwide. The process originally consisted
of each afﬁliate selecting their best improvement practices for
recognition by TMC.
In 2011, to increase interest in the activities related to the award, the process was changed to screening the chosen teams in each region to select those with excellent practices, and then having those teams present their practices in Japan for selection of the
ﬁnal winners. At the same time, the Award for Afﬁliates with the Best Performance was established to recognize the afﬁliates with the greatest outcomes from the improvement activities.

Initiatives in FY2015
In FY2015, the fourth year for the Award, ﬁve ﬁnalists out of 13 teams selected from 6 regions around the world were invited to give their presentations in Japan. The Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indonesia (TMMIN) team won the Platinum Award with its presentation on a project to reduce waste by separating dust from casting sand. The presentations made by the other four teams that won the Gold Award also served as examples of excellent achievements in resolving the very important issues each afﬁliate encountered.
At the award ceremony, Tatsuro Takami, who was the Managing Ofﬁcer and Executive in charge of the Environmental Affairs Division, expressed his respect and encouragement to the teams, commenting: “Given that environmental issues are
becoming more and more serious, meeting the challenges outlined in the new Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 is becoming extremely important in order for Toyota to continue being a leading environmental company in the world. In order to meet these challenges, I urge you continue working on initiatives as kaizen leaders while supporting the growth of your junior colleagues.”
 


Award Categories


Category	Award for On-site Kaizen
Activity	Award for Afﬁliates with
the Best Performance


Area	Production/Production Afﬁliate (Plant) Logistics/Administration, Production and Logistics Afﬁliate	
Production/ Production Afﬁliate (Plant)

On-site Kaizen Award Recipients

Platinum Award	TMMIN (Indonesia)

Gold Award	TMMC (Canada), STM (Thailand) TFTM (China), TDB (Brazil)

Afﬁliate Award Recipients

 

 
Managing Ofﬁcer Takami (center) with TMMIN members, winners of the Platinum Award
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

 
Sert0a7t_u0s7of ISO 14001 Certiﬁcation

Production companies and production/sales companies both in Japan and overseas have been working to renew their ISO
14001 certiﬁcation and striving daily to maintain and improve their
environmental management systems.
One of our newly established production companies overseas
has recently been certiﬁed.
 


Number of ISO Certiﬁed Toyota Group Companies in
Japan and Overseas

	Production companies	Production/ sales companies	Sales companies/ other businesses
Japan	39	-	10
Overseas	33	12	19
 


 
Vehicles that Meet Japanese LEV Emission Standards
 

In FY2015, almost 100 percent of Toyota vehicles produced were certiﬁed as meeting the Ultra-Low Emission Vehicle (U-LEV) or higher standards by the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.


FY2015 Vehicles that Meet Japanese LEV Emissions Standards
 
Percentage of Total Production in FY2015 that Qualiﬁes as LEVs Based on 2005 Exhaust Emissions Standards
 
Low-emissions level	★★★★
SU-LEV	★★★
U-LEV

Low-emission Vehicles as a Percentage of Total Production in Japan
(%)
 
100

80

60

40

20
 
New ☆☆☆
U-LEV standard 50% lower than standard levels for 2005
☆☆☆☆ SU-LEV standard 75%
lower than standard levels for 2005
 

 
0
’11
 

’12	’13
 

’14	’15
 

(FY)
 

 

Reduction of VOC Emissions in Body Painting Processes

 
Purpose of Activities
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) are one of the causes of photochemical oxidation, the cause of photochemical smog. Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) is promoting initiatives to reduce VOCs emitted in the painting process.

Progress in FY2015

TMC has continued its efforts to limit the use of cleaning solvent and to recover a larger percentage of solvents, while also actively switching to water-borne paints. As a result, it has reduced total VOC emissions from TMC body paint lines to 16 g/m².
 
Trends in VOC Emissions Volume in TMC Vehicle Body Painting Processes (Average for All Lines)
Emissions per unit of painted area (g/m²)
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

 
Focus
 

VOC Emissions Reduction Activities at the Tsutsumi Plant
 

 
Because the painting process uses solvent-borne paints, it discharges a lot of VOC. Therefore, the Tsutsumi Plant is working daily to reduce emissions by taking steps such as recovering the solvent used for cleaning between paint color changes.
Its Painting Line No.1, which produces the Prius, became Toyota’s ﬁrst existing line to adopt the waterborne 3-wet painting method while maintaining production. Toyota has been introducing this painting method into its new plants since 2007.
In the conventional automobile body painting process, after a rust-prevention undercoat is electrodeposited and baked in an oven, a primer coat primarily for protecting the electrodeposited coat is applied and then baked. Afterwards, a base coat for applying colors and a clear coat for producing gloss are applied and then baked, completing the painting process.
Adoption of the waterborne 3-wet painting method changed the primer coat to a waterborne type and eliminated the baking step after the primer coat. These changes have reduced the volume of VOC discharged from the painting process by 45 percent and are also helping reduce energy usage by shortening the process.
 
VOC-reducing  effect
VOC (g/m2)
20	-45%


15


10


5


0
 
Before	After


Process comparison

 


Before improvement
 

Electrodeposition of undercoat
 

Primer	    	Baking
 
Heated flash off

Base coat	Clear coat	Baking
 



Heated flash off	Heated flash off
 
After improvement (3-wet process)
 
Electrodeposition of undercoat
 

Baking
 
Water-borne primer coat
 

Base coat	Clear coat	Baking
 






 

Revision of the Toyota Green Purchasing Guidelines

Toyota compiled the Toyota Green Purchasing Guidelines with an aim to address environmental issues that suppliers consider based on the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, and rolled this out to its suppliers. In the revision made in January 2016, the content of the Guidelines was greatly expanded based on the challenge.

 	For details on the Green Purchasing Guidelines, see the Environmental Report 2016 (page 8). 


Raising Environmental Awareness through the CSR Study Meeting

Toyota organizes the CSR Study Meeting every year to support CSR promotion activities by suppliers. In FY2015, we provided our suppliers with a wide variety of information on climate change, water environment, biodiversity, metal resources, and stakeholder trends to raise environmental awareness.

 	For details on support for CSR activities by suppliers, see page 39. 
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management

Assessing Risks and Opportunities Related to Climate Change and the Water Environment in the Supply Chain

As part of its efforts to assess the environment-related risks and capitalize on opportunities in its supply chain, Toyota participated in the CDP Supply Chain Program in FY2015 to survey how its suppliers are addressing climate change and the water environment. We will gradually increase the number of targeted suppliers.

Ensuring Compliance with REACH and Other Global Regulations on Chemical Substances

 
Following the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held in Johannesburg in 2002, and adoption of the Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management (SAICM) in 2006, the number of chemical substance management regulations was increased globally. The goal of this change is to minimize serious adverse effects on human health and the environment from the manufacture and use of chemical substances by 2020.
The international trend in the regulations on chemical substances has been moving from hazard management, which focuses on
the toxicity of individual substances, to risk management, which takes into account their adverse effects on humans, plants, and animals. Thus, it is necessary to also consider the situation in
 
which the chemical substances are being used. There are now various regulations on chemical substances, such as the Chemical Substances Control Law in Japan; the ELV Directive1 and REACH Regulation2 in Europe; and independent regulations in North America and Asia.
These regulations require corporations to collect information on the chemical substance content of their products and manage their supply chains. Toyota has built and is operating a chemical substance management framework in cooperation with its suppliers. In January 2016, Toyota revised its Toyota Green Purchasing Guidelines and is promoting chemical substance control in its supply chain.
 

1	European directive on end-of-life vehicles
2	European regulation on registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals



Promoting Environmental Initiatives at Dealers

 
At CSR workshops held by the Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council (TNDAC), all Toyota dealers have worked together to promote voluntary activities based on the Toyota Dealer CSR Guidelines set forth in 2005. To further promote these initiatives, they called for increased acquisition of third-party certiﬁcation of environmental management systems to accelerate the development of human resources and the creation of environment-friendly dealerships, and to bolster the level of trust from customers.
Shizuoka Toyota Co., Ltd. has been working to reduce its electricity usage and to sell environment-friendly products. In September 2015, the company acquired certiﬁcation under the “Eco-Action 21 (EA21)” guidelines issued by the Ministry of Environment. At the award ceremony, the company president Hideki Kawashima mentioned the effects of their initiative, “Our
employees have become more aware of environment than before.” The event was also covered by several newspapers.
 

 
Award ceremony for Shizuoka Toyota
 

Increase the Number of Certiﬁed Overseas Dealers
 

Toyota continues the Dealer Environmental Risk Audit Program (DERAP) to reduce environmental risks at overseas dealer service shops. These audits aim to establish a framework to deal with ﬁve fundamental environmental requirements including the proper management of waste and treatment of wastewater.
In FY2015, 70 distributors and 3,692 dealers from 66 countries worldwide participated in the program, representing an increase of
 

10 distributors and 228 dealers from FY2014. Eighty-nine percent of these participating dealers satisﬁed the ﬁve requirements. However, from the global perspective, there are still many Toyota distributors and dealers who have not yet participated in the program. Toyota will continue to encourage their participation and will also support the activities of the participating companies.
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management


Achieving Zero Non-compliance and Complaints

 
In FY2015, Toyota was able to achieve zero non-compliance incidents and complaints two years in a row.
The main activity toward this achievement was the creation of the Collection of Focal Points for Facilities and Management toward Complete Elimination of Wastewater Non-compliance, based on the non-compliance incidents and near misses* that had occurred in the past 10 years at Toyota and Toyota Group
companies. Following “For the Facilities and Management” created
in FY2014, we created “For the Operations” in FY2015 and
applied it to prevention activities in educational platforms.
For those non-compliance near misses that were considered serious and needed to be shared through yokoten (sharing) with other afﬁliates, we investigated the root causes, and developed and promoted recurrence
prevention measures through the
 
facilities that are not easy to be observed daily, such as employee dormitories, company-owned employee housing, and recreational facilities, we systematically implemented the risk-reduction measures that we had been working on since FY2014, such as leak prevention from facilities that use oils and fats.
The detailed operating status of these measures is checked on-site through environmental audits, and the PDCA cycle is used to make improvements.

* Non-compliance near misses: Cases that pose high potential risks even though they did not result in incidents

On-site power generation room
 
Collection of Focal Points toward Complete Elimination of
Wastewater Non-compliance – For the Operations
 
Company-wide Environmental Secretariat Meeting. At the remote
 

Leak prevention from facilities that use oils and fats


Reporting and Storing Electrical Devices Containing PCBs

Since FY2005, Toyota has been using outside subcontractors to process electrical devices containing polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB). To date, 5,243 transformers and condensers have already been processed. The remaining four units will be handled on an outsourcing basis in FY2016 and beyond.

 
Groundwater-related Measures

In 1997, Toyota completed the implementation of measures to
prevent outﬂow of groundwater at six production plants.
Toyota is continuing groundwater remediation using pump and aeration treatment without exceeding the standards. The levels of trichloroethylene are reported to the government and also to local councils in the surrounding communities.
 


Trichloroethylene Levels
 


Environmental standards: 0.01 Unit: mg/L
 





Note 1: Measurements are taken at all Toyota Motor Corporation plants Note 2: Has not been detected in plants other than those listed
Note 3: The level has a range since each plant includes multiple measurement points
 







Environmental Initiatives | Environmental Management


Raising Environmental Awareness with Global Environment Month

 
In line with the Japanese government’s designation of the month of June as the Environment Month, Toyota also designated the month of June as “Toyota Environment Month” in 1973, and began to carry out a variety of environment-related employee education
and awareness-raising activities. In 1991, Toyota changed the name to “Global Environment Month” and expanded its activities globally. Toyota ensures that all employees are aware of Environment Month by displaying a common poster at all global sites, as well as making event-related notiﬁcations and posting the Toyota President’s message on monitors at various locations throughout company sites and on the Intranet.
As one example, Toyota held an environment lecture, inviting outside speakers. Toyota is also working to raise the environmental awareness of its employees, for example by collaborating with
the Ministry of Environment in carrying out the Light-Down
 
as environment-related photo contests and quizzes, and
enthusiastically carry out other creative activities.
Starting in FY2015, Toyota enhanced its environmental education for newly hired employees. In addition to conventional classroom learning, these employees also participate in group discussions to help them think about environmental issues as their own problems. Time is also allocated to allow each employee to talk about the environment-related dreams and ambitions they want to realize.
 
Campaign. In addition to Toyota, Toyota Group companies, dealers, and overseas afﬁliates also participate in the Environment Month activities. Many of them organize unique events, such
 
Toyota Motor Corporation Australia (TMCA), a manufacturing afﬁliate, participating in National Tree Day, a tree- planting event organized by local NPO “Planet Ark”
 
Group presentation by newly hired employees during environmental education
 

 

Information Disclosure by Overseas Afﬁliates

Toyota’s overseas consolidated subsidiaries actively disseminate and disclose their environmental information through their environmental reports and websites to ensure excellent communication with their wide range of stakeholders.

       	 	 	 	 
 
Argentina
 
Australia
 
Brazil
 
China
 
Europe
 
India
 
Indonesia
 
Malaysia
* Issued in the UMW
Holding Report
 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 
New Zealand
 
North America
 
South Africa
 
The Philippines
 
Taiwan (Kuozui)
 
Taiwan (Hotai)
 
Thailand
 
Vietnam
 


Environmental Information Available Online

 	 	 	 
 
Environmental Initiatives website

http://www.toyota-global.com/ sustainability/environment/
 
All Toyota Green Wave Project
 
Automobiles and Recycling
 
Toyota’s Afforestation Initiative
 
Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program
 







Appendix
Appendix



Area	
Item	
Key indicator (unit)	
FY1990	
FY1995	
FY1998	
FY2001		
FY2013	
FY2014	
FY2015		Related pages

Product	
Exhaust gases  	Percentage of total production that achieves emission
levels 50% lower than 2005 gasoline standards	
-	
-	
-	
-		
2.4%	
2.4%	
1.8%		

99
		Percentage of total production that achieves emission
levels 75% lower than 2005 gasoline standards	
-	
-	
-	
-		
97.2%	
97.4%	
96.8%		
		Number of units sold	[units]	-	-	-	-		718,541	646,258	639,766		
	Clean-energy vehicles		Electric vehicles	[units]	-	-	-	-		0	0	0		
-
			Hybrid vehicles	[units]	-	-	-	-		718,497	646,250	639,766		
			CNG vehicles	[units]	-	-	-	-		44	8	0		
			601—740 kg						32.4	34.8	35.2		
			741—855 kg						27.7	28.5	28.6		
			856—970 kg						20.9	24.1	23.9		
			971—1,080 kg						26.9	29.2	26.8		
			1,081—1,195 kg						25.1	26.6	28.4		
	
Average fuel		1,196—1,310 kg						17.2	17.4	17.2		
			1,311—1,420 kg						25.9	25.9	26.3		
	efﬁciency by weight												
			1,421—1,530 kg						21.4	21.9	23.0		
	category [km/L]	JC08 test-drive mode		-	-	-	-						65
	(gasoline-powered												
			1,531—1,650 kg						16.0	18.4	18.0		
	passenger vehicles)												
			1,651—1,760 kg						18.0	17.2	16.9		
			1,761—1,870 kg						12.8	15.6	15.6		
			1,871—1,990 kg						10.7	10.9	11.5		
			1,991—2,100 kg						9.8	9.9	11.1		
			2,101—2,270 kg						12.5	11.8	13.2		
			2,271 kg—						7.9	7.8	7.9		
Production	
CO₂ (Note 1)	 	
Total emissions volume	[calculated       in CO₂ equivalent
in million tons]	
2.11 (Note 3)	
-	
-	
-		
1.20	
1.18	
1.15		

78
		Emissions volume per unit produced	[calculated       in CO₂ equivalent
in tons/unit]	-	-	-	0.731		0.414	0.413	0.408		
	Substances	VOC emissions volume per body area	[g/m2]	-	-	64	-		19	18	16		99
	of concern											
	Waste (Note 2)  	Volume of waste per unit produced	[kg/unit]	-	-	-	29.5		12.4	12.5	12.5		86
Re- cycling	Recycling rate  	Vehicle recycling/recovery rate	
[%]	-	-	-	-		99	99	99		85

 
Note 1: Since non-production bases were also brought under the scope of the reduction goals in FY2005, ﬁgures include company-wide emissions from FY1990
Note 2: Zero landﬁll waste was achieved in FY2000 and has been maintained ever since Note 3: Total ﬁgure for the period from January to December 1990
 
For information on indices other than in the environmental data listed above, please visit the webpage below:
http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/environment/data/
 

 

Note 1: TMC and 121 companies (consolidated subsidiaries and other companies
in Japan and overseas)
Japan: Companies listed in Groups 1‒5 on page 97 (including sub-subsidiaries; excluding Toyota Tsusho)
Overseas: Production companies and production/sales companies listed on page 97
Note 2: The CO₂ emissions were calculated using the Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
Protocol CO₂ conversion coefﬁcient.
•	Emissions from electric power were calculated using the 2013 conversion coefﬁcient from the IEA’s CO₂ Emissions from Fuel Combustion
(2015 edition).
•	For items other than electric power, the conversion coefﬁcients used were those quoted in IPCC 2006, 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, Prepared by the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme, Eggleston H.S., Buendia L., Miwa K., Ngara T. and Tanabe K. (eds). Published: IGES, Japan.
* For natural gas, steam, hot water, cold water, and coke-oven gas, the conversion coefﬁcients used were those quoted in the Japanese Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures.
 







Social Contribution Activities
Major Topics during FY2015



 	Environment	

The Forest of Toyota
Receives the Green
 
Society Award
 
p.111

TMC’s afforestation efforts seen in the Forest of Toyota, a facility for environmental studies, were highly appraised and won the award
 

 







Social Contribution Activities | Basic Concept
Social Contribution Activities


Toyota’s Social Contributions are Its Founding Principle. In Addition to Contributing to Society Through Automobile Manufacturing, We Take Actions in a Variety of Areas to Enrich the Lives of Communities.

 
Based on Toyota’s origins, which can be traced back to the founding principle of contributing to society by making automobiles, we have been striving to contribute to the advancement of society.
The Corporate Citizenship Activity Committee was established in 1989 under the leadership of the president, the CSR Principles were adopted in 1995, and the Corporate Citizenship Division was established in 2006. In this way, Toyota has established systems for the steady implementation of CSR programs and is undertaking collaboration on a global scale.
We set the environment, trafﬁc safety, and education as the three global priority ﬁelds for our initiatives, in addition to making
 
social contributions through our main business. To these, we have added ﬁelds such as society and culture according to the social needs of each country or region, undertaking active measures while utilizing our resources including technology and expertise. Also, emphasis has been placed on support for volunteering and sustaining automotive and manufacturing cultures.
The Toyota Global Vision announced in March 2011 that it positioned enriching the lives of communities as one of the main objectives of Toyota’s business, in addition to making ever-better cars. We are taking steps to solve local issues in order to enrich the lives of communities and with a sense of gratitude toward the people in them.
 

Social Contribution Activity Fields

＊ Social contribution activities that are planned, developed, and implemented by a company on its own depending on the situation

The Guiding Principles at Toyota and the Basic Principles and Policies of Social Contribution Activities
Excerpts from the Guiding Principles at Toyota (established in 1992)
Principles and Policies of Social Contribution Activities (established in 1995)

Purpose	We in the Toyota Group will undertake social contribution activities to contribute to sustainable social vitality

Stance	We will maximize the beneﬁts of our social contribution activities by working with partners; by using our resources effectively; and by concentrating on initiatives that address real social needs, including the need for fostering human resources

Employee participation	We will support independent social contribution activities that our employees undertake as members of the community

Information disclosure	We will disclose information about our social contribution activities, aiming to promote the development and improvement of societies

Global perspective	We will adopt a global perspective on social contribution activities while adapting our activities to needs and circumstances in each nation and region where we operate
 







Social Contribution Activities | Basic Concept

 
Focus
 

All Started with Sakichi Toyoda’s Hope for People’s Happiness
 

 
Toyota has a long history of social contribution activities that can be traced back to Sakichi Toyoda. In 1925, Sakichi Toyoda, the father of Toyota Motor Corporation’s founder, Kiichiro Toyoda, pledged one million yen (at the time) to the Imperial Institute of Invention and Innovation to encourage battery-related inventions because he wanted to support inventions that would enrich people’s lives.
The impetus for his pledge was the ﬁrst around-the-world ﬂight successfully completed by a Douglas aircraft of the United States Army Air Service in 1924. Sakichi was said to be dreaming of inventing large-capacity batteries for mobile applications that would power automobiles and aircraft.
In the end, the invention of such batteries proved to be extremely difﬁcult and none have yet been completed. Still, the progress that has since been made in this ﬁeld has had a tremendous impact on industries and people’s lives. Toyota’s long history of social contribution activities can be traced back to Sakichi, who held a hope for people’s happiness.
After Sakichi’s death, this spirit was handed down to Kiichiro and others who started the automotive industry in Japan,
 
through the concepts of contributing to the development and welfare of the country and feelings of gratitude, and was later incorporated into the Five Main Principles of Toyoda, the Guiding Principles at Toyota, and the Toyota Global Vision. These precepts have been handed down to the present.














Sakichi Toyoda	The Five Main Principles of Toyoda
 




 

Implementation Structure Centered on Corporate Citizenship Division
 

The Corporate Citizenship Division, a specialized division for corporate social contribution activities, plays a lead role in deploying activities.
Since April 2015, Corporate Planning Meeting has been held to
 

discuss growth and business strategies , taking into account a wide range of social issues. Business strategies and initiatives related to social contribution activities are discussed at the Meeting.
 

Implementation Structure



 


Corporate Citizenship Division
 
Social Contribution Activities
Cooperating Divisions
 






Related Organizations/Facilities
 
Related organizations: Related facilities:
 
Toyota Group companies, Toyota dealers, The Toyota Foundation, Toyota Technological Institute, Toyota Mobility Foundation Environment: Forest of Toyota, Toyota Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute, Toyota Mie Miyagawa Forest
Trafﬁc Safety: Toyota Safety Education Center “mobilitas”
Culture facilities: Toyota Automobile Museum, Toyota Commemorative Museum of Industry and Technology,
Sakichi Toyoda Memorial House, Toyota Kuragaike Commemorative Hall, Toyota Kaikan Museum, MEGA WEB
 







Social Contribution Activities | Basic Concept
Overseas: Implementation Structure Centered on Toyota Regional Headquarters

Toyota and Toyota regional headquarters in North America, Europe, Asia and China have formed a network to strengthen their promotional efforts. The regional headquarters conduct promotional activities within their regions while maintaining close communications with Toyota.


Overseas Implementation Structure


United States	The Philanthropy Executive Council under North American Executive Committee is responsible for leading philanthropy strategy and ongoing decision making as needed

Europe	The Toyota Fund for Europe Board, held on average twice a year, is responsible for setting direction on social contribution activities, as well as for selection and approval of projects proposed to Toyota Motor Europe

Asia	Regional social contribution meetings are led by Toyota Motor Asia Paciﬁc to consider the deployment and direction of
activities within the region

China	Toyota Motor (China) Investment promotes activities in China based on local needs and in collaboration with related
afﬁliates



	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (result)	Major Initiatives during FY2016

Social Contribution	
	Promoted activities in fields including environment, traffic safety, education, society and culture
	Dream Class for the MIRAI (Future) in Toyota City was held
in 51 classrooms at 22 elementary schools in Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture. Twenty athletes from Toyota Motor’s athletics clubs participated
	Held the Safety Driving Instructor Training Program jointly
with Vietnam Traffic Police, resulting in the training of eight safety driving
instructors	
	Promote activities in fields including environment,
traffic safety, education development, society and culture
	Support and aid of the Special Olympics Nippon through employee volunteers and the participation of athletes from Toyota Motor athletics clubs
	Enhance cooperation aimed at expansion of activities which leverage Toyota’s global expertise
	
Great East Japan Earthquake Restoration Support	
	In Iwate Prefecture, employee volunteer relief activities were held six times by 16 Toyota Group companies, with a total participation of 149 employees
	The Fukushima Recovery through Music Festival was held at the Toyota Community Concert in Fukushima Kooriyama with the participation
of Kenichiro Kobayashi, a conductor from Fukushima Prefecture	
	Continue restoration support activities, such as holding voluntary programs in disaster-struck areas and dispatching employee volunteers

FY2015 Expenditure for Social Contribution Activities

* Toyota and major subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
Results for overseas afﬁliates are converted to Japanese yen based on the average exchange rate for FY2015.
 







Social Contribution Activities | Kokoro Hakobu Project
Kokoro Hakobu Project
Great East Japan Earthquake Recovery Support Project

 
TMC launched the Kokoro Hakobu Project in June 2011 to send the Tohoku region not only human and material resources, but also emotional support, and has undertaken recovery programs based on three pillars: the automobile industry, social contribution, and new business.
 
Here, we present social contribution activities continuously undertaken by Toyota under this project that utilize Toyota’s expertise and resources. Recovery is still underway even ﬁve years after the earthquake. Our thoughts are still with the people of the affected regions, and we remain committed to carrying out this project.
 

Three Pillars of Tohoku Region Recovery Support

 
Approach 1
Automotive business Making the Tohoku region the third main site in Japan
Contributing to recovery efforts by strengthening monozukuri in the Tohoku region
	Establishment of Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc.
	Establishment of Toyota East Japan Technical Skills Academy
 
Approach 2
Social contribution Support Activities with Heart
	Volunteer Activities
	Opening of Independent Program in Tohoku
 
Approach 3
New business
New businesses in line
with the needs of the affected areas
Make Toyota plants the centers of new smart communities
	Deployment of the F-Grid Concept project
	VEGi-Dream Kurihara Corporation
 






 

Social Contribution

Provision of funds
 




* Donation of proceeds from ticket sales for volunteer programs and fund-raising at related facilities are ongoing
* Donated 100 million yen each to living and education funds for earthquake orphans in Miyagi, Iwate and Fukushima prefectures
 
Toyota Motor Corporation: 300 million yen
 
Donations from executives and employees: 55 million yen
 
Overseas afﬁliates: 780 million yen
 

 
Provision of vehicles
Provided rental cars
soon after the disaster: 68
 

Loaned or transferred commercial-use cars: 192
 

Provided vehicles for the disabled free of charge: 2
 

* Veriﬁed the feasibility of an on-demand bus system
Installed external power supply systems
in local government Prius free of charge: 40
 
Made company-owned houses and
dormitories available for use	Relief supply
 
160 company-owned houses and
320 dormitory rooms
 
11-ton trucks ﬁlled with food, drinking water, daily
necessities and medical/pharmaceutical supplies: 87
 
Tanker trucks
for fuel and drinking water: 7
 

 
 






 

Social Contribution Activities | Kokoro Hakobu Project

Volunteer Activities
 





(As of March 2016)
 

Disaster recovery support activities by employee volunteers from
16 Toyota Group companies
 


Total number of participants
 
796 persons
 
*	Activity region: Iwate Prefecture (Ofunato City, Rikuzentakata City, Sumita-cho)
Activity description



2011–2012	With transportation means and lodging facilities not yet restored, volunteers traveled from Aichi Prefecture or Tokyo on company- owned buses to Iwate. Activities were coordinated by local disaster volunteer centers, and volunteers assisted in tasks such as removing debris and cleaning mud out of ditches.


2013–2015	The volunteers have assisted with grass mowing and other day-to-day activities in temporary housing areas, and supported restored local festivals, workshops for children, and other events, forging stronger bonds with local residents and promoting interpersonal exchange.
*	Planned activities for FY2016 (planned recovery activities will be conducted eight times with a total of about 190 participants)


Support through Culturally Proactive Programs
(As of March 2016)
Utilizing its existing programs, Toyota quickly began working with many collaborators to provide emotional support to the people in the affected region, and these activities are still continuing.

Overview of the programs


Program	Number of times held	Number of participants/ attendees
Toyota Master Players, Wien	16	13,405
Toyota Community Concerts	44	26,624
Toyota Lobby Concert	9	3,218
Toyota Children Meet Artists Program	13	7,650
Scientiﬁc Jack-in-the-Box! The Why/What Lecture	17	462
Total	99	51,359
*	Also held special open classes of the Toyota First Experience Program.


Support from In-company Market Day
We provide dishes prepared using ingredients harvested in the affected areas at employee cafeterias, and regularly hold in-company Market Days to sell goods made or harvested in the affected areas. Exchanges with people in the affected prefectures have led to an appreciation of the products as well as the attractions unique to each area.
 




Maintaining ﬁsh-farming equipment at a ﬁshing port (2011)

Helping at an apple farm (2015)

Toyota Master Players, Wien 2014 Fureai Concert (Fumon Temple)

Children singing songs they wrote at the March 11 Memorial Ceremony © Masahi Asada

In-company Market Day held in conjunction with a Toyota Lobby Concert
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
Environment

In the area of the environment, Toyota actively provides environmental education, supports environmental programs, and undertakes reforestation. As forests are the basis of a sustainable society, Toyota carries out continuous ownership and preservation of its forests under appropriate management. Furthermore, Toyota has implemented environmental activities in Japan and overseas with an emphasis on collaboration with society and regions, and our employees have undertaken independent regional environmental preservation through volunteer activities.

Activity Cases

Forest of Toyota: Helping to Realize a Sustainable Society through Forestry Activities

 
Overview
Based on the satoyama model of forests in the space between cities and nature that are used by people, Toyota has rejuvenated the forest it owns near the urban area of Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture, and is using it as a ﬁeld for environmental education. The 45-hectare forest opened to the public in 1997 includes an area that allows visitors to become familiar with nature by observing living creatures, as well as an area for the conservation of rare ﬂora and fauna. Dedicated interpreters who possess rich knowledge and experience are always on duty, planning
and carrying out hands-on learning programs targeting local elementary school children, in addition to a variety of events that enable participants to use their ﬁve senses to experience nature.

      Topics

Creating Forest Habitat for Flying Squirrels
The Japanese giant ﬂying squirrel is endemic to Japan, but destruction of satoyama environments has caused the population to decline nationwide. Because ﬂying squirrels can nest in human-installed nest boxes as well as natural tree hollows, they are relatively easy to observe.
In the Forest of Toyota, we have continued to take various actions to help ﬂying squirrels, such as conducting ecological surveys of the ﬂying squirrels inhabiting the forest, creating forests for the purpose of conservation and observation, and holding observation tours for the general public. In a new effort in January 2015, we held a symposium
 
Achievements
Number of participating children per year: Approximately 6,500 Cumulative number of visitors: Approximately 150,000
Received the Third Green Society Award in 2015







on ﬂying squirrels. Through expert lectures and ﬁeld work, the symposium provided a precious mutual learning opportunity for
us and approximately 50 interested people gathered from around the country.
 

 
Nature program targeting local elementary school children




Flying squirrels use a nest box
 

Toyota Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute: Valuing Nature’s Wisdom, Expanding Environmental Programs Rooted in the Community

 
Overview
In collaboration with Shirakawa Village and environmental NPOs, the Toyota Shirakawa-Go Eco-Institute opened in 2005 in the world heritage site of Shirakawa-Go, with the aim of providing opportunities for many people to gain a deeper understanding of the environment. With the focus on promoting harmonious coexistence with nature and local communities, the institute is enhancing and widely promoting locally- based environmental programs. Under the slogan, “Trail walking for adults. Kids grow stronger in the forest,” visitors learn the importance of nature through seasonal hands-on environmental education programs that both adults and children can enjoy.
 
Achievements
In 2015, a commemorative ceremony was held to mark the 10th anniversary of its opening.
In March 2016, the Institute received an honorable mention for the FY2015 Youth Activities sponsored by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. Cumulative number of visitors: approximately 170,000
 

 
An honorable mention received for the Children’s Camp
 
Presentation of a letter for a Prius to be donated at the 10th Anniversary Ceremony
 

 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
“Toyomori” Human Development Program: Project to Restore the Relationship between Cities and Rural Areas


 
Overview
“Toyomori” is a local community development project that was started through the joint efforts of Toyota City, the NPO Support Center for Sustainable Regional Design, and Toyota Motor Corporation. The project began the “Toyomori Nariwai Juku” human resource development course in 2009, focused on rural areas of Japan. Participants carry out ﬁeldwork and coursework to learn about forestry resources, food, agriculture,
as well as arts and culture, searching for sustainable lifestyles that suit them. In May 2016, 30 sixth-term students selected through public applications entered the program and began a year of activities. Among the participants who have completed the course work, some have moved from cities to rural areas, and others live in cities but commute to rural areas to participate in local activities. The combination of these activities has become a force that supports rural areas.
 
Achievements
In November 2013, the program won the Selection Committee
Chairman’s Prize of the Alright! Nippon Awards.
In April 2014, the program was selected as a corporate category ﬁnalist
of the Second Nikkei Social Initiative Award.
Cumulative number of people who have completed course work in the Toyomori project: 117
 
Fieldwork in the Toyomori project	Group discussion in the Toyomori project

Toyota Mie Miyagawa Forest Project: Creating Healthy Forests and Using Lumber Resources


 
Overview
Large numbers of cedar and cypress trees were planted in forests during the post-war period. Due to the decline of the domestic forestry industry, however, many forests were abandoned without maintenance, and now are overgrown. Toyota acquired 1,702 hectares of mountainous forest in Odai Town, Taki District, Mie Prefecture, in 2007 and began restoring the forest. The Toyota Mie Miyagawa Forest was also excessively dense, so work began with an emphasis on thinning. The aim was to create a forest with public functions such as water-source conservation. Furthermore, to make timber production more efﬁcient, we are taking various steps including maintenance cost reduction and forest management based on accurate resource data. Utilizing the now well-maintained forest, we offer hands-on learning programs. We also utilize the lumber produced from this forest in the Toyota Kaikan Museum for display stands.
 
Achievements
Toyota Mie Miyagawa Forest obtained Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC)* certiﬁcation in 2010.
Toyota has joined with a local NPO to hold hands-on programs called “Wooday” since 2014.
In 2015, Toyota offered a forest work study to the students of Subaru Gakuen High School in Mie Prefecture.

   
Hiking, logging observation, and log cutting  Use of lumber at the Toyota Kaikan
 

*	FSC: A nonproﬁt international membership organization that operates the Forest Certiﬁcation System, established by environmental groups, forestry companies, groups of native peoples, etc.
 
experience (students from Subaru Gakuen High School)
 
Museum
 

 	Please see page 90 for more information about the Toyota Mie Miyagawa Forest. 

Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program: Supporting Practical Activities Related to Global Warming Countermeasures and Biodiversity Conservation

 
Overview
The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) has created the Global 500 Award to recognize and honor individuals and organizations that have demonstrated their contribution to protect or improve the environment toward the goal of sustainable development. Toyota received a Global 500 Award in 1999, in recognition of the effect of the world’s ﬁrst mass-produced, mass-marketed hybrid vehicle, the Toyota Prius, as well as the implementation of our Environmental Management System and our active disclosure of environmental information. After receiving the award, Toyota began to solicit environmental activity
 
Achievements
Total number of projects supported: 304 (in 53 countries and regions worldwide)
 
proposals from non-proﬁt organizations and other groups in FY2000.
Toyota provides subsidies for selected project proposals that contribute
 
Wild chimpanzees in Bossou
 
Tree planting using hexatubes (seedling protectors)
 
to the development of the next generation of human resources, who will be responsible for environmental preservation in the future, and offer practical solutions to environmental issues.
 
Conserving chimpanzee populations by reforesting the savannah between Bossou and the Nimba Mountains (Grant recipient: Green Corridor)
 
 	Please see page 89 for more information about the Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Program. 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
Aqua Social FES (ASF): Global Environmental Protection and Preservation Public Initiatives with a Focus on Water


 
Overview
Since 2012, Toyota has been undertaking water-themed initiatives toward regional environmental protection and preservation throughout Japan, with the participation of the general public. A variety of activities, such as beach and river clean-ups, releasing juvenile ﬁsh, growing rice in satoyama without the use of agricultural chemicals, and planting broadleaf trees are planned and carried out in each area through collaboration among TMJ, regional Toyota dealers, NPOs, and local newspapers. A growing number of voluntary activities are also being held in collaboration with companies and dealers, using universities as operational headquarters. Furthermore, the social ripple effects generated by ASF can be clearly seen. For example,
 
Achievements
Total number of times ASF was held: 445 (in 47 prefectures) Total number of participants: 45,608 (average age of 26.1 years)
 
some local universities have certiﬁed the ASF as a program eligible for academic credit, while some prefectural governments are budgeting for environmental restoration expenses in response to ASF activities.
 
Clean-up of beaches, seawalls, and surrounding areas in Okinawa
 
Let’s make a beach where ﬁsh can live in front of Aomori Station!
 

 	Please see page 44 for more information about Aqua Social FES. 


Toyopet Fureai Green Campaign: Initiative to Create Lush Green Towns, Carried Out Jointly with Toyopet Dealers Nationwide

 
Overview
With the goal of building lush green towns, and sponsored by the National Land Afforestation Promotion Organization, the Toyopet Fureai Green Campaign has been held every year since 1976 as a regionally rooted social contribution activity, and marked its 40th year in 2015. A variety of afforestation activities are carried out annually, based on the wishes of local governments and communities. For example, Toyopet dealers throughout Japan have donated three types of seedlings to each local government, including the Fukushima cherry (a Somei- Yoshino cherry tree produced in Fukushima Prefecture), as well as unique environment-enhancing plants developed by Toyota to possess a high level of air-cleaning ability. Additionally, through cooperation from Japan Inter Culture, Miss International Japan attends the presentation and tree-planting ceremonies held throughout Japan.
 
Achievements
Total number of trees planted: Approximately 400,000

Hybrid Green Project, in which a number	Tree planting with four children
of seedlings equaling the number of hybrid representing the Tamamura-cho No. 3 vehicles purchased are donated to the local Preschool (Gunma Toyopet) government (Ehime Toyopet)
 



 
Focus
 

Environmental Learning at the New Toyota R&D Center: Surveying Wasps with Local Junior High School Students
Japan	Toyota Motor Corporation
 

 
At the site of its new R&D facility being constructed in a hilly and mountainous area on the boundary between Toyota City and Okazaki City in Aichi Prefecture, Toyota is rejuvenating the satoyama environment, which had been deserted and left to ruin. We are also surveying the ﬂora and fauna there in order to protect them.
In FY2015, wasps were surveyed with local junior high school students. Wasps (vespula genera) are important prey for the crested honey buzzard, a rare bird of prey. Wasp
pupae and larvae (locally called hebo) are also familiar to the people in the region who have traditionally harvested and eaten them. Using PET bottle traps as well as traditional hebo-catching methods, we were able to survey the wasp’s ecology, recognizing anew the importance of nature in the region and the culture that has been nurtured there.
 











Junior high school students gingerly approaching wasps that have landed on set bait
 

 	Please see page 94 for more information about initiatives at the new Toyota R&D Center. 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
Toyota Costa dos Corais (Coral Coast) Project: Contributing to Conservation of Coastal Ecosystem

Overview	Achievements
 
Costa dos Corais, the second largest protected area in the world at 413,000 hectares, was established in 1997 by the Brazilian government. However, preservation activities in the area have been insufﬁcient and the ecosystem of the area is at risk.
In 2009, TDB formed the Toyota do Brasil Foundation (TBF), and since 2011, TBF has invested in the project to support the effective protection of the ﬂora and fauna existing in this unique ecosystem. In 2014, TBF has started support activities to protect the manatee, the most endangered aquatic mammal in Brazil. In addition, the project promotes scholarships for students in the region, encourages scientiﬁc research and knowledge cultivation by local universities and invests in the empowerment of local communities towards the development of economic activities compatible with environmental conservation and preservation activities.
 
In March 2016, the ﬁrst manatee puppy was born in the natural environment from a female reintroduced in 2009 by the Manatee Program.
 

 
Manatees that have been returned to their natural habitat
 

 

Stop Global Warming: Supporting Municipalities and School Students in Their Activities to Help Prevent Global Warming

Overview	Achievements
 
Since 2005, TMT has worked with the environmental NGO, Thailand Environment Institute (TEI) to promote awareness of global warming and support sustainable global warming prevention activities. One related effort called “Stop Global Warming” is a contest targeting
municipalities and school students. Local residents and school students who participate learn about the mechanisms behind global warming and its impact, as well as actions that can help mitigate it, such as
trash reduction and recycling, energy conservation, tree planting, smart use of transportation and water conservation. They also implement measures they design by themselves.
 
Total number of participating organizations: 596 210 Local Administration nationwide
266 Schools nationwide participated
120 Communities nationwide participated Total number of projects: 2,902
Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions: More than 16,000 tons in CO₂
equivalent
TMT established global warming learning centers in three locations.
 




 
Students promoting activities in their school
 
Six organizations were awarded prizes for their excellent activities.
 

 
Helping Prevent Desertiﬁcation for 15 Years

Overview	Achievements
 
China is facing the serious issue of desertiﬁcation caused by overgrazing of livestock and other factors. Toyota has been conducting an initiative to stop desertiﬁcation in Xiaobazi Township, Fengning Manchu Autonomous County, Hebei Province, since 2001 in collaboration with partners such as the Chinese Academy of Sciences. The initiative carries out countermeasures that address the causes of desertiﬁcation and conducts tree planting to improve the lives of local residents. The initiative has also created a model of sustainable afforestation through related searches and trial and error efforts such as creating mechanisms for sustaining activities by residents even after support has ended. In 2011, management of the program was transferred to TMCI, which has
 
Cumulative number of trees planted: Approximately 5 million Cumulative land area planted: More than 3,500 hectares
 
been implementing new measures such as tree planting by employee
volunteers in collaboration with local afﬁliates.
 
Xiaobazi Township in 2000 before the start
of the project
 
Xiaobazi Township in 2015
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
Toyota China Youth Environmental Protection Aid Program: Backing Environmental Preservation Projects by Young People
 

 
Overview
TMC launched the Toyota China Youth Environmental Protection Aid Program with the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League of China and the All-China Youth Federation in 2005. Management of the program was transferred to TMCI in 2008. Proposals for environmental preservation activities are solicited from youth throughout China, and following a screening, support is provided to the selected proposals. The program provides ﬁnancial support to outstanding ideas and a forum
for interaction with other project participants. In addition, exceptional groups and individuals are invited to attend training in Japan. The Power of Seeds Environmental Preservation Program, which facilitates
participation by the general public, was launched in 2013. Ideas that lead to environmental preservation are collected on a website.
 
Achievements
Cumulative subsidies granted: 31.4 million renminbi Cumulative number of participants: More than 50 million Cumulative number of projects receiving subsidies: 91 Cumulative number of organizations and individuals receiving commendations: 125
 

 
Appealing to pedestrians to comply with trafﬁc signals in order to reduce emissions by mitigating trafﬁc congestion
 
Winners are invited to attend tours of environmental preservation facilities and other programs (training in Japan in 2015)
 

 
Smart Eco-drive Project: Support for Eco-drive and Trafﬁc Safety Campaign by University Students

Overview	Achievements
 
In cooperation with the city of Seoul and the Korea Transportation Safety Authority, TMKR began the Smart Eco-drive campaign targeting university students to encourage eco-driving and trafﬁc safety in 2015. Teams of university students who recently got their driver’s licenses get to learn about environmental issues, safe driving manners, eco-driving techniques, and participate in the Toyota Driver’s Communication (TDC), a hands-on experience that simulates drunk driving, the ﬁeld of view of children, and elderly people. Then the teams plan and implement their own eco-driving and trafﬁc safety campaigns.
 
Number of participants in FY2015: 20 teams
Number of people communicated with directly by students: 13,167 people
Online publicity: 36,884 views
 



 
Five teams out of twenty were commended for outstanding activities
 
Students learning in an eco-driving
 
“Toyota Eco Youth” Project: Sustainable Environment Education Improvement Project Implemented by Junior and Senior High School Students and Local Communities

 
Overview
In 2001, UMWT started the Toyota Eco Youth project, targeting secondary schools in the surrounding area. In 2002, the project was expanded to the entire country. UMWT provides students the opportunity to gain environment-related knowledge and learn about Toyota’s problem-solving methodology. The students work on environment improvement projects, such as electricity conservation
and wastewater treatment within school grounds, and excellent schools are publicly recognized. In 2011, schools were required to work with their surrounding communities to solve environmental issues in their neighborhood. TMMIN and TAM started an Indonesian version of the program targeting senior high schools in 2005. Both the Malaysian and Indonesian governments have recognized the high educational value of
these activities and are actively providing support.
 
Achievements
Malaysia (2001 to present): Total number of participants: About 2,267 people (students and teachers) from 209 schools
Indonesia (2005 to present): Total number of participants: About 52,000 people (students and teachers) from 1,100 schools

   
 
Malaysia: Participants giving an explanation of the recycling center
 
Indonesia: A student explaining about bricks made from wastes from religious ceremonies
 
 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Environment
“The Great Plant Hunt” Biodiversity Education Programme

 
 
Overview

This program was jointly developed in November 2015 by TME and the Foundation of Environmental Education (FEE) through its partnership. The aim of the program is to focus on biodiversity with a particular emphasis on plants and their associated species. Already, many schools have been involved. Plants are an important part of many life cycles, supporting insects, birds, and mammals
by providing food and habitats for nesting and shelter. The program includes educational aspects based on the FEE Educational Principles, and practical activities based on resources developed by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
 
Achievements
Primary schools initially involved in the programme: 308 Total number of teachers involved: Over 3,000
Total number of students involved: Over 34,000

 
Pictures drawn by students who have studied biodiversity around their school (Ireland)
 

Environmental Conservation at Ofﬁce Sites and in the Areas Surrounding Them

Overview	Achievements
 
From 2008 to 2013, a volunteer initiative called “Greenways Project” was conducted to collect trash and plant trees along 9 km of public roads from TME’s Headquarters in Brussels to its Technical Center located in the suburbs.
From 2014, TME has also been carrying out initial research at the headquarters and technical center as part of initiatives to protect and promote biodiversity.
From 2015, “insect hotels” were set up at the sites and a biodiversity photography contest was held among TME employees.
 
Volunteer activities: Around 800 TME employees and their family members have participated, collecting 6,650 liters of trash and planting 6,500 trees.
Biodiversity initiative: In 2014, a total of 200 species of plants, invertebrates, fungi, birds, and mammals were found at the sites. In 2015, insects were found living in the insect hotels.

The most popular picture in the biodiversity photography contest
 

 

Annual National Mayor’s Challenge for Water Conservation: Toyota, Wyland Foundation Partner for Fifth Year to Increase Water Use Awareness

 
Overview
TMNA has been supporting the Wyland Foundation’s Annual National Mayor’s Challenge for Water Conservation for ﬁve years. Residents who wish to participate in the challenge go to a website and pledge which actions they will take for water resource conservation, CO₂ emissions reduction, and so on. They can immediately discover the impact that each action will have over one year, leading to increasing environmental awareness. April, when Earth Day falls, is designated as a challenge month, and cities compete with each other on the basis of the percentage of residents who pledge. The participants of the city with the highest participation rate are entered into a prize draw to win environment-related prizes, with the grand prize being the new 2016 Toyota Prius.
 
Achievements
45,000 residents in all 50
U.S. states made 404,000 pledges to save a projected
1.9 billion gallons of water over the next year.
 

 
The major points at the City of Ventura (one of the 2016 winners) on a map
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
Trafﬁc Safety


Toyota is addressing trafﬁc safety through integration of people, cars, and the trafﬁc environment with the aim of completely eliminating trafﬁc casualties. As a part of these efforts, Toyota has been conducting educational activities since the 1960s, targeting people such as drivers and pedestrians, to raise awareness of trafﬁc safety and has been continuously implementing various programs for a wide range of people. Such programs are also being implemented at overseas afﬁliates in recent years.


Activity Cases

Toyota Trafﬁc Safety Campaign: Carrying Out Trafﬁc Safety Activities in Spring and Autumn Together with Toyota Dealers and afﬁliated companies
Overview	Achievements
 
Since 1969, Toyota has conducted the Toyota Trafﬁc Safety Campaign every spring and autumn, cooperating with its dealers and afﬁliated companies and acting in concert with Japan’s National Trafﬁc Safety Campaigns. Toyota donates trafﬁc safety picture books and story cards for children entering kindergartens and nursery schools nationwide.
These educational materials show children the danger of running into the street, which is one of the major causes of trafﬁc accidents involving young children, and help them learn to cross the street correctly. More recently, in response to the higher rates of road accidents during the late afternoon and
early evening. Toyota is encouraging drivers to turn on their headlights early and pedestrians to wear reﬂectors so they can be more quickly noticed by drivers.
 
Number of copies of trafﬁc safety picture books issued in FY2015: Approximately 2.55 million; Cumulative total: Approximately 133.69 million Number of sets of trafﬁc safety story cards issued in FY2015: Approximately 48,000; Cumulative total: Approximately 1.47 million

 
Trafﬁc safety educational materials (picture
books and story cards)
 
Children with the mascot character “Cuccu” (Toyota Osaka Parts Distributor Co., Ltd.)
 

      Topics

Certiﬁcate of Appreciation Received from the Japan Trafﬁc Safety Association
 
In January 2016, at the 56th Central Convention of the Citizens Movement for Trafﬁc Safety attended by Prince and Princess Akishino, Chairman Takashi Imai of the Japan Trafﬁc Safety Association presented a certiﬁcate of appreciation to Toyota President Akio Toyoda. The certiﬁcate recognized Toyota’s many years of work promoting trafﬁc safety in a

 
Certiﬁcate of appreciation presentation ceremony at the 56th Central Convention of the Citizens Movement for Trafﬁc Safety
 
variety of ﬁelds, including the production and distribution of trafﬁc safety picture books and story cards designed to help prevent road accidents involving young children. This was the sixth certiﬁcate of appreciation received by Toyota, placing it at the highest position among all Japanese corporations in terms of the number of certiﬁcates received.

Chairman Imai presenting a certiﬁcate of appreciation to President Toyoda
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
Hands-on Trafﬁc Safety Events: Pikkari Reﬂective Screen and Visual Field Learning Board


 
Overview
Aiming to provide trafﬁc-safety educational programs that will take root in communities, Toyota collaborates with local government organizations, private companies, and Toyota dealers nationwide to present hands-on trafﬁc safety events. These events offer hands-on programs using various tools, including the Pikkari Reﬂective Screen, which allows participants to clearly see the effectiveness of reﬂective materials and the differences in visibility of different colors, and the Visual Field Learning Board, which underlines the importance of looking both ways when using a crosswalk or driving. Having people of all ages try these tools is improving the trafﬁc safety awareness of the general public.
 
Achievements
Number of times events were held in FY2015: 6 Cumulative number of times events were held: 81 Number of program participants in FY2015: 4,471
Cumulative number of program participants: Approximately 49,200
 

Pikkari Reﬂective Screen	Visual Field Learning Board

 
      Topics

Small Presents Full of Children’s Affection
On the Respect for the Aged Day in the autumn of 2015, Toyota held an event for children to craft reﬂective key chains as gifts for their grandparents at a venue called Tressa Yokohama. The main theme of this program was to improve trafﬁc safety for the elderly during the late afternoon and early evening. To reduce the number of accidents
involving elderly pedestrians, the program encouraged drivers to turn on
their headlights early and pedestrians to wear reﬂectors.
At the venue, hands-on events were held to help participants learn about the effectiveness of reﬂective materials and the blind spots of bicyclists. Many children attended the main event of the program, which was the workshop for crafting reﬂective key chains.
Upon hearing an explanation about reﬂective materials and their effectiveness in preventing trafﬁc accidents, the children quickly set out to craft reﬂective key chains with their own design. Grandparents who received the presents with personal hand-written messages were all smiles.
 



Kurapika Box for learning about using reﬂective materials for greater trafﬁc safety

Children presenting their handmade reﬂective key chains with hearts full of gratitude.
Thrilled grandparents receiving the presents.
 

Toyota Safety School: Locally Established Trafﬁc Safety Class for Young Children


 
Overview
The Toyota Safety School, which takes place every year at the Toyota Kaikan Museum and the Toyota Safety Education Center “mobilitas,” invites children to attend from kindergartens and preschools located in Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture, and Toyota facilities in Shizuoka Prefecture. At the Toyota Kaikan Museum, participating children enjoy learning about trafﬁc-safety rules through performances, trafﬁc safety skits, quizzes and other events. At “mobilitas,” a dedicated trafﬁc safety facility, full-sized vehicles are used to re-create actual trafﬁc environments to help educate children, along with their guardians, in positive habits such as how to cross at the crossing and the dangers of running into the street. These programs, which are designed to help children think about and develop the ability to notice dangers around
them, have become well established as regular trafﬁc safety promotion
 
Achievements
Cumulative total number of schools participated: 3,652 Cumulative number of participants: 259,135

 
activities in the region.
 
Instruction from Anzen (Safety) Man (Toyota Kaikan Museum)
 
How to cross the street (“mobilitas”)
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
Toyota Driver Communication: Safe Driving Seminars Aimed at Raising Trafﬁc Safety Awareness

Overview
Toyota has its own safe-driving program, which is conducted for drivers among the general public and at companies. The program, which includes actual driving, helps drivers to learn correct driving postures, how a vehicle moves, and how to use safety equipment. The drivers are also instructed about being more aware of their surroundings from a safety viewpoint.
The program was launched in 1987 with the goal of reducing the number of trafﬁc accidents involving young drivers. Since then, both the target age groups and the venues have been extended, with programs now being held year-round at ﬁve sites, including Toyota Safety Education Center “mobilitas” (located at Fuji Speedway).


Achievements
Number of program participants in FY2015: Approximately 13,000 Cumulative number of program participants: Approximately 100,000

Toyota Safety Education Center “mobilitas”  The “mobilitas” program allows drivers to
experience “dangerous” situations in a safe environment

      Topics

Tenth anniversary of the Toyota Safety Education Center “mobilitas”
The Center, which opened in April 2005 at Fuji Speedway, features a variety of facilities for practicing a wide variety of safe driving
techniques, including a 100,000-m2 ﬂat course, the largest of its kind in Japan, a 35-degree bank, and low-resistance courses (slippery road surfaces). The “mobilitas” marked its 10th anniversary in 2015.





 
Focus
 

Exciting Trafﬁc Safety Club: Learning Trafﬁc Safety Rules in Fun Shows Featuring Superheroes
 

Japan	Toyota Motor Hokkaido, Inc.

With the goal of raising the level of trafﬁc safety awareness in the region, Toyota Motor Hokkaido has been holding the Toyota Hokkaido Exciting Trafﬁc Safety Club, a trafﬁc safety class, since FY2014 at kindergartens in Tomakomai City where the company is headquartered. The program uses a
show format featuring two superheroes, Tomamoru Rider, the original mascot of the program, and Tomachop, the ofﬁcial mascot of Tomakomai City. The program teaches children in a fun way about the danger of running into the street and the meaning of trafﬁc signals. At the end of the program, all the children practice correctly using a crosswalk.
Tomamoru Rider teaching children how to safely use a crosswalk
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
White Road Campaign: Nationwide Rollout of Trafﬁc Safety Education Program for Children

Overview	Achievements
 
TMT has promoted a trafﬁc safety campaign called the White Road Project (implies “safe road” in Thai) since 1988. As part of this campaign, TMT has so far opened White Road Theme Parks where children can enjoy learning about trafﬁc safety, a trafﬁc safety education program that sends mascots to elementary schools nationwide, and a trafﬁc safety campaign targeted at younger generations and new drivers in collaboration with Toyota dealers. TMT’s activities are conducted
with the cooperation of Thailand’s Ministry of Education, Royal Thai Police, Ministry of Transport, and other organizations. Its long standing initiatives have been acclaimed by the Thai government.
 
Total number of participating children: 2.469 million Participation in FY2015: 199,230 people

At White Road Theme Park
 

     
Children having fun while learning about trafﬁc safety	Trafﬁc safety explanation for students	Dealer training


Tsco0y4o_ta01Safety Driving Training Program: Vietnam’s First Safety Driving Instructors

Overview	Achievements
 
TMV and the Trafﬁc Police of the Vietnamese Ministry of Public Security jointly conducted the Toyota Safety Driving Training Program to train instructors. In March 2016, a graduation ceremony was held for Vietnam’s ﬁrst eight safety driving instructors.
Advisors were sent from Toyota Motor Corporation to Vietnam and trained instructor candidates selected from Vietnam Trafﬁc Police and TMV employees for an 18-month training period in order to develop their safe driving skills and safety mindset. Candidates who did not have their own cars used commercial vehicles for daily practices and gained the skills to achieve the targets. The instructors are expected to hold driving seminars and other programs to help reduce trafﬁc accidents in
 
Total number of program held: 5 (August 2014—March 2016)
 
Vietnam in the future.
 
Graduation ceremony for safety driving instructors
 
Eight safety driving instructors
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
Trafﬁc Safety Educational Activities through Hands-on Events, Social Media and Other Channels

Overview	Achievements
 
The rapid increase in car ownership in China has resulted in congestion,
frequent trafﬁc accidents, and other issues, especially in major cities. The need has therefore arisen for an improvement in trafﬁc safety awareness and trafﬁc etiquette among drivers and pedestrians. TMCI Ihas responded since 2005 by organizing hands-on trafﬁc safety events in Beijing, Shanghai, and other major cities. To bring its campaign to the attention of a larger audience, since 2014 TMCI has been creating stories, comic strips, and animated ﬁlms illustrating simple lessons in trafﬁc safety and trafﬁc etiquette, which it posts on newly-created social networking sites and video-sharing websites. For children, the comic strips are issued in booklet form.
 
Cumulative number of participants: Approximately 30,000 Cumulative number of views of animations: Approximately 240,000
Cumulative number of social network accesses: Approximately 70,000
 
A participant wearing “drunk goggles,” which simulate intoxication
 
Children reading picture books
 

Support for Trafﬁc Safety Activities by Toyota Community Foundation

Overview	Achievements
 
The Toyota Community Foundation (TCF) was established in 2011 by TMCA to consolidate its social contribution activities. As part of its grant activities to support trafﬁc safety, it has been a major partner of the non- proﬁt organization Road Safety Education (RSE). Active since 2001, RSE works to contribute to the advancement of a safe trafﬁc environment and the reduction of trafﬁc accident casualties through initiatives such as practical and highly efﬁcient workshops for teenagers. The workshop emphasizes that new drivers should have the right attitude and behavior in order to drive safely.
 
Every year more than 50,000 high school students take part in a one-day hands-on experience program.

The one-day experience program	Students checking for tire wear
 

 

Driving Schools Opened in Collaboration with Dealers

Overview	Achievements
 
TKM is collaborating with dealers to open a series of Toyota Driving Schools in India to promote compliance with trafﬁc regulations, trafﬁc safety, and eco-driving. The schools offer two programs designed to enable participants to drive with conﬁdence in a safe and enjoyable manner. The Start Program helps beginners get accustomed to driving, while the Smart Program allows experienced drivers to reﬁne their skills. A unique feature of this program is that overall evaluation and feedback are provided at each stage of the training.
 
Our plan is to establish 50 driving schools across India by 2020.
We have launched four driving schools in India as of May 2016 (Kochi, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Chennai).
As of May 2016, 487 students were registered and 344 students had completed the course.

Simulator using a real car	Toyota Driving School logo
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
Safe Driving Education for Airport Taxi Drivers

Overview	Achievements
 
Every year in January, India holds a Road Safety Week in which a wide variety of educational activities take place nationwide. As part of this program, TKM held training sessions on providing basic safety driving training for airport taxi drivers. Health checkups and eye tests were also offered. Drivers requiring further testing were referred to hospitals and those found to have eyesight problems were issued eyeglasses free of charge.
 
2015: Number of drivers receiving health checkups: 1,280 Number of drivers receiving free eyeglasses: 306
Number of drivers referred to hospitals: 4 Cumulative totals (Jan 2015 & Jan 2016)
Number of drivers receiving health checkups: 2,580 Number of drivers receiving free eyeglasses: 631; Number of drivers referred to hospitals: 8
 

   
Taxi drivers taking blood tests	Eye tests in progress


Trafﬁc Safety Education for Children

Overview	Achievements
 
Trafﬁc accidents have become a hot concern in Cambodia. Seeing such
tragedies, TCAM carefully considered how to help reduce the number of trafﬁc accidents. In August and September 2014, TCAM organized a trafﬁc safety program at the biggest shopping mall in the city, providing children with lectures from trafﬁc safety specialists, animated ﬁlms,
an explanation of road signs from the trafﬁc police, and games. In October 2015, TCAM continued carrying out this activity to spread more awareness to schoolchildren in Siem Reap and Battambang provinces. The main content of the program in these provinces mostly consisted of playing games to ﬁnd out how to act on the road after the lecture.
 
Number of events held in FY2014: 2; Cumulative participants: 120 Number of events held in FY2015: 2; Cumulative participants: 330

 
Children enjoying trafﬁc games at a
shopping mall
 




 
Students practicing trafﬁc safety at school
in Battambang
 

Activities to Raise Children’s Trafﬁc Safety Awareness

Overview	Achievements
 
To raise children’s trafﬁc safety awareness through early childhood education, TMMT has participated since 2005 in the National Trafﬁc Safety Week event in Sakarya Province, where TMMT is headquartered.
A children’s painting contest with a trafﬁc safety theme has been helping raise children’s trafﬁc safety awareness and nurturing their creativity. Actively conducted by employee volunteers, TMMT has also been holding a Trafﬁc Safety School since 2010, using animated ﬁlms to teach second graders about trafﬁc rules and proper seatbelt use. The class also includes a hands-on program where students experienced nighttime visibility.
 
Total number of participants: More than 7,000

Children learning how to cross roads	Children learning road signs through games
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety
TeenDrive365: Promoting Trafﬁc Safety Education for Teens

Overview	Achievements
 
Automobile crashes are the leading cause of death for teenagers
in the United States. The ﬁrst year a teenager gets their driver’s license is the most dangerous. Based on these facts, TMNA created TeenDrive365, a driving safety initiative that encourages teenagers to learn safe driving with the help of their families. TD365.com provides various resources and tools to spark discussion between teenagers and their parents. The Video Challenge encourages teenagers to create a video to promote safe driving. Viewers can learn the dangers that can occur during driving, and acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to avoid crashes.
 
Number of video contest participants: Over 1,500 Number of website viewers: 432,049

Safe Driving Video Contests
 

 

Toyota and You Kids: Road Safety Education for Kids

Overview	Achievements
 
TASA has been conducting road safety activities as part of its CSR initiatives to support the development of local communities. “Toyota and You Kids” is a program for children aged ﬁve to nine years old to support their education in road safety. They can learn road signs and trafﬁc signals through fun games, listen to instructive talks aimed at children, and play in a road safety theme park. The knowledge acquired
through the program with their families is used in the children’s everyday actions.
TASA will support the development of local communities through this program.
 
Participants in 8th program: 1,360 schoolchildren in Baradero Participants in 9th program: 1,050 children in Zárate Participants in 10th program: 960 children in Campana Cumulative participants: 11,500 children.


Kids learning road safety while playing at the theme park
 







Social Contribution Activities | Trafﬁc Safety

 
Focus
 

Trafﬁc Safety Education in Africa Where Issues Are Becoming Critical
 

 
According to a 2013 World Health Organization (WHO) report, the number of trafﬁc accident fatalities has been rising in Africa even as the numbers have been declining in other regions of the world. There are so many trafﬁc
accident fatalities in Africa that they account for one-fourth of the global total, and measures are being taken in African countries to reduce accidents.
Toyota began supporting the Global Road Safety Partnership (GRSP) in 2004, and since then has continuously worked to address key trafﬁc issues including ensuring the safety of pedestrians in emerging nations, encouraging seatbelt use, and trafﬁc safety education for children. Local Toyota distributors also conduct a variety of educational programs such as trafﬁc safety campaigns in collaboration with regional governments, police and other organizations.
 
Fatalities per 100,000 People by Region










The GRSP, established by the World Bank in 1999, is the most authoritative NGO addressing trafﬁc safety issues in developing countries. It acts as a central pillar for promoting the United Nations Decade of Action for Road Safety 2011–2020.
The GRSP has an annual budget of more than 7 million US dollars and is active in 36 emerging nations with a focus on building partnerships with a variety of organizations in the trafﬁc safety sector.
The GRSP has 31 members including international organizations (WHO, Asian Development Bank), civil society members (FIA foundation, Bloomberg Philanthropies), and companies (Shell, Nestlé).
 

Case Study 1: Safe Way Right Way Campaign in Uganda
Toyota Uganda Limited has been working to reduce trafﬁc accidents on Uganda’s
highways as a member of the Safe Way Right Way Campaign steering committee.
In 2014, Toyota Uganda donated four speed monitoring laser cameras necessary for the trafﬁc safety campaign to the Ministry of Works and Transport. The minister stated that the cameras were “extremely effective.” A school zone campaign has also been launched in eastern Uganda. Toyota Uganda currently plans to set strategic targets for reducing the expected number of trafﬁc accidents and to conduct a trafﬁc safety campaign over the next three years.

A brieﬁng at the speed control campaign opening
ceremony

Case Study 2: Trafﬁc Safety Partnership in Zambia
To support local trafﬁc safety programs, Toyota Zambia Ltd. donates funds to the Global Road Safety Partnership Zambia (GRSPZ) through the Road Transport and Safety Agency. The funds were used to print trafﬁc safety kits including a Trafﬁc Safety Partnership Guide for Schools, Trafﬁc Safety Toolkit for Members of Parliament, Trafﬁc Safety Guide for Citizens, and Driver’s Handbook.

Presentation ceremony for Toyota Zambia’s donation to the GRSPZ

 
Case Study 3: Trafﬁc Safety Campaign in Malawi
Toyota Malawi conducted a trafﬁc safety campaign at Nansengwe Primary School in Blantyre District in collaboration with the South Malawi Police and the Malawi National Road Safety Council, which is under the authority of the National Roads Authority, in March 2014.
The trafﬁc safety campaign, which was intended to raise awareness of trafﬁc safety through a radio program, brought attention to the Road Trafﬁc Law, the use of vehicles suitable for operation on roads, attentiveness by drivers, as well as giving heads-up to pedestrians and children going to and from school on roads. The campaign was conducted for three months.
Toyota Malawi also donated road crossing kits, megaphones, PCs, and other items to Nansengwe Primary School and built a pedestrian crossing.
 















A trafﬁc safety kit donated to the Nansengwe
Primary School
 







Social Contribution Activities | Education
Education


In the area of education and human resource development, Toyota provides support in occupational and educational areas and implements programs worldwide. These programs are designed to instill sensitivity and convey the importance of monozukuri to promote the development of the human resources who will become the leaders of tomorrow in accordance with our principle that “Monozukuri is about Developing People.”

Activity Cases
Scientiﬁc Jack-in-the-Box! Why/What Lectures: Spurring Interest in Science and Technology and Foster Dreams

Overview	Achievements
 
Toyota has been addressing the problem of youth moving away from the sciences by holding a scientiﬁc workshop program for children every year since 1996. Interested members of the Toyota Engineering Society* serve as instructors of free lectures held at science and other museums and Toyota related facilities nationwide. The lecture curricula are all original Toyota programs designed from specialized ﬁelds such as vehicle aerodynamics and electric power recovery vehicles. The programs aim to elicit children’s creative thinking as well as develop their interest in “making things.”
* A voluntary organization created to enhance the technical skills and talents of members, promote friendship and contribute to the development of technological ﬁelds in various business areas. There are approximately 30,000 members.
 
So far, over 400 of these lectures have been held in 45 prefectures in Japan and some 30,500 children have participated.

Vehicle aerodynamics program	Electric power recovery vehicles program
 

 
Program for Hearing Impaired Children: Gaining Understanding of Cars and Monozukuri through Interaction with Employees
Overview	Achievements
 
As a part of its community contribution activities undertaken for more than 40 years, Toyota cooperates with dealers to invite students of schools
for the hearing impaired in Aichi, Mie, Gifu, and Shizuoka Prefectures to tour the Toyota Kaikan Museum and a plant. In this program, the students experience design ﬁrst-hand and engage in other activities to deepen their understanding of cars and monozukuri. The program includes an explanation of work by Toyota employees who graduated from schools for the hearing impaired and the opportunity to make coloring sketches using the tools that designers use in their work. The aim of creating these opportunities is to foster interest in cars and dreams for the future.
 
Number of students participating in FY2015: 80 Cumulative number of times program has been held: 43 Cumulative number of participants: Approximately 3,900
 

 
Students color sketches under the guidance of a designer
 
Career Experience Program: Nurturing Children’s Dreams and Goals

Overview	Achievements
 
As part of its career education initiatives, Toyota started holding these programs at the Toyota Kaikan Museum from 2014 with the aim of helping children consider the meaning of work. A variety of programs in which students can experience part of Toyota employees’ work, such as development of the fuel cells mounted on the MIRAI, casting and other production technologies, and tours of exhibition areas have been developed. Employees take the role of instructors and convey to the students what is important about performing their work. At the conclusion of the program, the children receive their wages in virtual
currency and eagerly spend it at a special shop operated by elementary school students, who also participate in the program.
 
Number of students participating in FY2015: 84 Cumulative number of times program has been held: 3 Cumulative number of participants: 190

   
Tour of exhibit area	Fuel cell development
 







Social Contribution Activities | Education
The Toyota First Experience Program: A Traveling Classroom Held at Elementary Schools in Cooperation with Nationwide Toyota Dealers

Overview	Achievements
 
The Toyota First Experience Program is a traveling classroom held in collaboration with dealers in various regions of Japan that stimulates all ﬁve senses and promotes feelings of Waku-doki (excitement and exhilaration that wows you) in children through up-close experiences with cars. Targeting fourth and ﬁfth graders, the program provides a fun, hands-on learning experience as part of science or social study classes. Actual vehicles are used to teach students about the workings
of cars and their relationship to the environment and the economy. Each real hands-on experience is intended to create a deep impression on the children as one of their ﬁrst experiences with cars.
 
Number of schools where the class was held in FY2015: 426 Cumulative number of schools where class has been held: 2,376 Number of participants in FY2015: 20,803
Cumulative number of participants: approximately 120,000
 

 

Game-based learning about cars and the environment
 

A lesson on the structure of a car using an actual vehicle
 
 	Please see page 43 for more information about the Toyota First Experience Program. 


Toyota Children Meet Artists Program: Workshop-style Classes that Enhance Sensitivity and Cultivate Dreams

 
Overview
This program was conducted over the 12 years from January 2004 to March 2016 throughout Japan in collaboration with NPOs in various regions with the objective of instilling sensitivity in and fostering
the dreams of children who will lead the next generation, through interactions with artists. Dancers and contemporary artists visited schools, children’s halls, hospitals, and other facilities and worked with teachers to create workshop-style classes that emphasized the learning process through hands-on activities during music, physical education, and integrated studies times.
The children learned about the thinking of others and came to recognize differences in values. In addition, the expression by the children stimulated the creativity of the artists.
 
Achievements
More than 87 workshops were held in 15 locations nationwide
Cumulative number of participants: More than 8,000
 

 
Drawing Pictures with Dots and Lines: A workshop held at the Fukushima Prefectural Ishikawa School for Disabled Children
 

 

Automobile Technical Training Course for Brazilians in Japan—Supporting Employment after Returning to Brazil


 
Overview
This course was created at the Toyota Technical College Nagoya in 1999 as a part of Toyota’s social contribution programs. It was created in response to Fernando Guimarães Reis in 1998, then the Brazilian Ambassador to Japan, who requested cooperation with the education of the children of Brazilian citizens living in Japan. The course is taught in Portuguese by Brazilian instructors and is tailored to local automotive conditions in Brazil. Many of the students who completed the program have returned to Brazil, where they use the knowledge and skills they acquired to contribute to the development of the automobile industry in their home country.
 
Achievements
Cumulative number of graduating students: 308
 

 
Students attending the course
 







Social Contribution Activities | Education
Toyota Technological  Institute: Cultivating  International  Industrial Leaders


 
Overview
Toyota Technological Institute (TTI) was established in 1981 with a founding philosophy of “Always be studious and creative, striving to stay ahead of the times” as stated in the precepts of Toyota founder Sakichi Toyoda. TTI trains highly creative engineers proﬁcient in practical development skills through small-group instruction (one instructor to about 10 students) and a curriculum rich in experiments and hands-on training, maintaining a 100 percent student employment rate. In
2003, TTI collaborated with the University of Chicago to open the postgraduate-level Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago (TTI-C), which conducts research exchange in the ﬁeld of information science and high-quality international education. In 2011, the institute started
planning renewal of its campus with a target completion date of 2019.
 
Achievements
Cumulative number of general students who have gained employment: 864* Cumulative number of adult students who have graduated: 1,471*
* In both cases, the total number of bachelor’s and master’s degrees

   
 
Toyota Technical Institute	Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago


Dscr0e5a_m01Class for the MIRAI (Future) in Toyota City: Athletes Communicate to Children the Importance of Teamwork and Having Dreams

 
Overview
In FY2015, Toyota became a sponsor of the “Dream Class for the MIRAI (Future) in Toyota City,” a part of the JFA Kokoro Project implemented jointly by the Japan Football Association and more than 130 local governments nationwide. Athletes belonging to Toyota Motor’s
sports teams along with athletes from the JFA and Chukyo University visit elementary schools as “dream teachers.” They ﬁrst conduct gymnasium-based activities such as playing games that set goals for all class members. Then, they give a lesson using a Dream Curve* to convey how wonderful it is to have a dream as well as the importance of effort and teamwork. Young Toyota employees are also sent to the schools to support the lessons as volunteers.
* A chart showing the ups and downs dream teachers faced in pursuing their dreams,
how they overcame difﬁculties, and what they learned
 
Achievements
Lessons held in 51 classes at 22 elementary schools in Toyota City
20 Toyota athletes (from six athletics clubs) and 100 Toyota employees participated as volunteers.
 

The First Dream Class for the MIRAI (Future) in Toyota City
 

A class communicating the importance of having a dream
 




 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Education
Toyota Study Assistance Fund: Providing High-achieving Students with Wide-ranging Support


 
Overview
Toyota, TMCI, and the China Soong Ching Ling Foundation (CSCLF) jointly established the Toyota Study Assistance Fund in 2006 to support high-achieving Chinese students who face ﬁnancial hurdles to entering university or pursuing graduate degrees. In addition to ﬁnancial support, a summer camp program designed to enhance the student’s autonomy and skills, support for student job-search activities, and other educational programs are provided and students are invited to travel to Japan to expand their perspectives. The program began with 20 universities (10 students from each university) and was expanded to 26 universities in 2014. To provide networking opportunities, an online community that includes students, graduates, CSCLF and Toyota was
 
Achievements
Cumulative number of recipients: Approximately 2,600 planned (2006–2017)
 
also established.
 
The 2015 summer camp program
 
Exchange between Chinese and Japanese students during a trip to Japan in 2015
 


 

Toyota Family Learning Program: Contributing to the Development of U.S. Society


 
Overview
Since 1991, TMNA has committed to promote the Toyota Family Learning Program in partnership with the National Center for Families Learning (NCFL) across the United States. TMNA provides funding for the ﬁrst three years of the program at each location. Based on this funding, cities and communities build their own local funding collaborations to sustain operation of their programs on a long-term
basis. The basic tenet of the program is, in addition to helping the entire family learn English together, to address important societal issues, such as safety, environmental protection, ﬁnance, current education systems, trafﬁc, and health that families learn together and take part in the community activities.
 
Achievements
Program locations: Over 280 locations in 56 cities in 31 states Donations: Over 46 million dollars
 

 
Toyota Family Learning Program
 

 

Toyota Teach: Supporting Enhanced Primary Education


 
Overview
TSAM and TSAF are working to promote improved academic achievement among elementary school children in areas where the educational environment is poor, by helping improve and assist
teachers’ understanding of the curriculum policies. One of the aims of the program is to stay abreast of the latest trends and advances in education. Since 2005, the program has strengthened training on overall school operation, focusing on areas such as governance and
human relations. In 2009, a whole school approach was implemented and the Toyota Teach Primary School Project operates in 10 schools in a four year cycle.
 
Achievements
Support provided to: About 418 schools, 1,818 teachers, and 220,317 pupils

 
Trainer visits a school to give guidance to
measures of issues and check progress
 
Teachers attending a curriculum workshop
 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Society and Culture


In Japan, “society and culture” have been added to Toyota’s priority areas for global social contribution activities. Programs that make maximum use of Toyota’s know-how and resources are undertaken primarily in these two areas. In the area of culture, Toyota supports music, theater, and other programs with an emphasis on promoting local culture, supporting youth, and expanding perspectives. In the area of society, Toyota supports mecenat programs, social welfare, and independent lifestyles in order to promote communication and the pursuit of mutual beneﬁt with local communities to create a society where diverse people respect and support each other.


Activity Cases

Support of Amateur Orchestras

Toyota Community Concerts, Toyota Youth Orchestra Camp, and the Toyota Music Library have supported the foundations of amateur orchestras in numerous regions throughout Japan for more than 30 years.
Membership in the Federation of Japan Amateur Orchestras Corp. has grown from 23 in the 1980s to 140 orchestras currently. The orchestras visit and hold concerts at social service facilities, hospitals, and remote islands which are difﬁcult for professional orchestras to access, and their musicians have grown to become indispensable leaders of local culture.





      Topics

Toyota Community Concert in Fukushima: Koriyama Expresses Recovery of Fukushima Through Music
 
The Toyota Community Concert in Fukushima Koriyama was held on November 8, 2015, some four years and eight months after the
Great East Japan Earthquake. On this day, members of four amateur orchestras in Fukushima Prefecture including the Koriyama Civic Orchestra joined together with the heartfelt belief that music has
the power to inspire and the desire to hold the concert to support Fukushima’s recovery. They were joined by a choir of high school students, and a total of 270 residents gave the performance of their dreams under the direction of Ken-ichiro Kobayashi, a renowned conductor who was born in Fukushima and is nicknamed “Koba-Ken of the ﬂame.” The piece they selected to perform was Mahler’s Symphony No. 2, the Resurrection Symphony.
On the day of the performance, the venue was sold out despite some rain. The emotionally moving concert concluded with thunderous applause, a standing ovation, and loud cheering.
 
The day before the concert, a banner depicting cherry blossoms in full bloom sent by members of orchestras from throughout Japan was displayed in JR Koriyama Station. The banner was covered in messages expressing wishes for a successful performance and for the recovery of the Tohoku region.

The orchestra and choir of 270 residents came together for the performance
 

   	 
President Akio Toyoda writes a message on the banner	The banner depicts cherry blossoms in full bloom
 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Toyota Community Concerts: Local Concerts Promote Regional Culture Through Music


 
Overview
Toyota Community Concerts have been held since 1981 in collaboration with the Federation of Japan Amateur Orchestras Corp. to support concerts by amateur orchestras in various communities all over Japan with the aim of contributing to the promotion of regional culture through music. The performances are varied and include popular works and masterpieces of classical music as well as selections from opera, musicals, ﬁlm scores, and anime songs. The concerts are enjoyed by all, from classical music aﬁcionados to ﬁrst time concert-goers.
 
Achievements
Cumulative number of performances: 1,550 Cumulative attendance: Approximately 1,256,000
 

 
A local mascot also appeared in the Toyota Community Concert in Iwanai (Hokkaido)
 
A ﬁve-year-old boy participates in a hands- on conducting workshop at the Senkawa no Mori Special Care Retirement Home
 

 

Toyota Youth Orchestra Camp: Supporting Future Leaders of Local Culture


 
Overview
The Toyota Youth Orchestra Camp is a four-day music camp conducted each year since 1985 in collaboration with the Federation of Japan Amateur Orchestras Corp. to foster youth through music. Leading professional musicians are invited to serve as instructors, and participating youth who gather from around Japan are taught performance skills under the motto “operations through our own efforts.” A feature of the camp is that the participants bring the experiences they gain back to their home communities and make use of them in their local orchestra activities. The camp is organized in
two-year units, and at the end of the second year, the participants give performances to show the results. In 2015, 70 years after the end of the Second World War, the camp and performance were held for the ﬁrst
time in Okinawa.
 
Achievements
Cumulative number of participants: More than 5,500
Toyota received the Award Granted by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs at the 2014 Mecenat Awards sponsored by the Association for Corporate Support of the Arts, Japan.

   
 
Masahiko Enkoji (Resident Conductor, Nagoya Philharmonic Orchestra) training students
 
Participants concentrate intently
 

 

Toyota Music Library


 
Overview
The Toyota Music Library, which lends sheet music, was established in 1986. The sheet music, which is essential to orchestra activities, is loaned free of charge for up to six months, and the music for multiple pieces can be simultaneously borrowed. All functions from searching the library to requesting sheet music can be performed online. The library is used by a wide range of groups from junior and senior high schools and universities to community orchestras.
 
Achievements
In 2016, 30 years after its establishment, the library updated its special- purpose website.
 



Sheet music available for loan	The website of the Toyota Music Library
 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Toyota Master Players, Wien: Providing Quality Time to Enjoy World-class Music


 
Overview
These concerts feature some 30 members of the world famous Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra and Vienna State Opera with the aim of providing fans with ﬁrst-rate music at affordable prices, and to help nurture a rich spirit through music.
To further the appeal of the concerts, especially with younger people, several new programs were started in 2007. They include Welcome Seat (free invitations), open rehearsals, Fureai Concerts (concerts held at elementary schools) and more.
 
Achievements
Since the ﬁrst concert in 2000, the program has been conducted 13 times.
Cumulative number of concerts: 95
Cumulative attendance: Approximately 160,000
 

 
Scene from the concert
© Ayumi Kakamu

 
Scene from a Fureai Concert
© Ayumi Kakamu
 

 


Toyota Lobby Concert: Concert at the Tokyo Head Ofﬁce Building to Bring Good Music to Our Neighbors


 
Overview
Toyota holds concerts at its Tokyo Head Ofﬁce building and invites local residents and people from nearby social service facilities. A diverse range of music is featured with the assistance of artists who share the concert’s objectives. The events are managed mainly by employee volunteers working closely with the community.
Attendees are asked to bring used postage stamps and PET bottle caps, which the Toyota Volunteer Center collects to help fund education for children in Laos and Thailand and provide medical supplies to emerging countries.



      Topics
 
Achievements
Held twice annually since 1995. Cumulative number of performances: 40 Cumulative number of participating artists: 194
Cumulative attendance: 15,000
 

 
Concert with a Theme of Summer Festivals Conveys Respect for Rich Cultural Heritage and Wishes for Recovery in Tohoku
The theme of the 39th Toyota Lobby Concert was summer festivals. The concert featured Bonten, a Japanese drumming troupe known for young and energetic female drummers; Masaki Nakamura, a
shakuhachi bamboo ﬂute player who is always looking to further expand the boundaries of his art and pursue the local roots of his music; and percussionist Sayaka Nojiri, who is ever venturing into new musical territories. The performances were ﬁlled with wishes for recovery of
the Tohoku region, an area with a rich cultural heritage born from its abundant natural environment.
As a part of the Kokoro Hakobu Project, ﬂyers for festivals to be held in the disaster-affected areas were distributed, posters were displayed to raise awareness of Tohoku’s vibrant performing arts scene, and specialty products from Tohoku were sold.
 




Japanese drumming troupe Bonten performs at that 39th Lobby Concert















Percussionist Sayaka Nojiri
 



















Shakuhachi bamboo ﬂute player Masaki Nakamura at that 39th Lobby Concert
 

 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Toyota Choreography Award: Discovering and Nurturing the Next Generation of Choreographers


 
Overview
The Toyota Choreography Award was established in 2001 in collaboration with the Setagaya Public Theater. The award helps choreographers
take their creations to the next level by focusing on highly creative
next-generation dance that transcends genres and careers. The winner of the “Next-generation Choreography Award” is given the opportunity to present their work at the Setagaya Public Theatre in Tokyo and a residency program in Kanazawa (space for rehearsals and lodging while creating a new work is provided). In addition, Toyota has provided the gymnasium at the Head Ofﬁce in Tokyo as a rehearsal room free of charge since 1999 in response to comments that it can be difﬁcult for choreographers to secure workspaces.
 
Achievements
The event has been held nine times to date, and a total of 64 groups (73 people) have been selected as ﬁnalists.
This program was recognized for its originality and won the 2003 Mecenat Award sponsored by the Association for Corporate Support of the Arts, Japan.
 

 
2014
Mikiko Kawamura, winner of the Choreographer of the Next Generation Grand Prize and the Audience Award in 2014
© bozzo
 

 

Net TAM: An Arts Management Information Site that Supports People Involved in the Arts


 
Overview
Net TAM, a comprehensive arts management information site, was established in 2004 in collaboration with the Association for Corporate Support of the Arts, Japan to support the development of the foundations of arts and culture throughout Japan and foster human resources involved in the arts and culture. The site receives
approximately 430,000 page views each month from its diverse user base ranging from future art students to those at the forefront of the arts. Net TAM provides a wide range of useful information, including an archive of Toyota Arts Management programs which were held over the eight-year period from 1996, as well as columns, job listings, collections of web links, lists of reference works, and bulletin boards. Those who are directly involved in the arts can pass on information about the arts from a variety of perspectives.
 
Achievements
In 2013, Toyota’s activities to support people involved in the arts were commended, and this program received the Prize of the Mecenat Awards.
The site was completely overhauled in 2014, 10 years after its initial establishment.




The Net TAM site
 

 

 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Ssch0a6r_in0g1the Toyota Production System (TPS) to Help Others Do More with Less and Maximize Impact


 
Overview
In 1992, TSSC was founded in Lexington, Kentucky, to “contribute to society by sharing TPS and help strengthen manufacturing in North America.” Not limited to Toyota suppliers, TSSC shares TPS knowhow with North American manufacturers, nonproﬁt organizations, and government entities that have a true desire to learn and adapt TPS
as a way to improve their operations and better serve customers.
In April 2011, TSSC became a not-for-proﬁt corporation, and it is actively making efforts to support more public service and nonproﬁt organizations.
In healthcare, TSSC has helped reduce wait times at emergency rooms as well as inventory in stock rooms. It has also expanded its support of nonproﬁt organizations in areas such as hunger relief, disaster recovery, education, social services and the arts.
 
Achievements
Number of companies and organizations supported by TSSC: Over 314 companies and organizations
(e.g.) Food Bank For New York City reduced wait time: 1.5 hours to 18 minutes
Number of workshop participants: More than 4,300 people

Food Bank For New York City
-	Before: Seats went unﬁlled while multiple people waited outside the soup kitchen.
-	After: All seats ﬁlled thanks to the one by one seating approach and support of a
volunteer “point person.”
 

 
Application of the Toyota Production System (TPS) to Improve Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and Nonproﬁt
Organizations

 
Overview
Following the decision to close its plant at the end of 2017, Toyota Motor Corporation Australia (TMCA) has been looking for ways to contribute to the local community outside its main business. Thus, TMCA established TSSC-AU, modeled after TSSC activities in the United States. TSSC-AU members, who had previously been supporting Toyota suppliers as
part of the TMCA Procurement Department, have now successfully shortened the time required for ﬁlling prescription drugs at pharmacies and the wait time for cancer patients at treatment centers. Although the Center has just been established, its members are very motivated, hoping to utilize the knowhow they have accumulated through 50 years of manufacturing for the betterment of the community.
 
Achievements
Reduced patient waiting times in a cancer treatment center by up to 56 percent.
Reduced time required for ﬁlling prescription medication by up to 85 percent.
 
TMCA members share TPS concepts with Northern Health Senior Executives in the plant
 
TMCA and St Vincent’s Hospital members working together to solve problems in the hospital pharmacy
 
Contributing to saving lives: Sharing Toyota Production System (TPS) to Improve Hospital Operation


 
Overview
With request for support from the city of São Paulo, which has many Japanese communities, TDB started the operation improvement of Santa Cruz Hospital with the hospital staff in 2015. After investigating
 
Achievements
Reduced patient waiting time: 20 percent decrease compared to before application of TPS
 
the layout and ﬂow of processes in the emergency room, they noticed many issues that could be improved, such as staff wasting time going back and forth to the same place while preparing medication. They decided to change the layout, putting higher demand medication in the immediate vicinity, which led to improvements in patient waiting times. The hospital intends to apply the TPS they have learned to other services such as orthopedic attendance in order to continue the improvement of operations. Improving the hospital allows them to save more lives.
 
  Before 
The nurse set up a variety of medicines while going back and forth at the same place many times, and much waste occurs.
 
    After 
The sequence position of medicine to be changed per work order in order to reduce wasting time.
 







Social Contribution Activities | Society and Culture
Supporting Free Surgery Project


 
Overview
A project in Venezuela called “Rotaplast” provides free surgeries to people suffering from cleft lip and palate anomalies. Surgeons from all over the world come to Venezuela and perform surgeries at a hospital in Cumaná, the capital of the state of Sucre where the TDV plant is located.
Although many volunteers also take part in the project, inviting surgeons from all over the world requires ﬁnancial support. Since 2010, Toyota has been assisting the program’s activities through ﬁnancial support and the participation of employee volunteers. In the future, TDV plans to strengthen its collaboration with the Toyota afﬁliates, the local Rotary Club, and the city government in supporting the program.
 
Achievements
Patients in 2015: 248 patients came to the hospital, 95 patients required surgery and a total of 100 surgeries were performed
Number of Toyota volunteers: 415 volunteers
 


Volunteer communicating with patient	Smiling patient with employee volunteers


MEDICAL & DENTAL OUTREACH PROGRAM: Providing Annual Medical and Dental Service in Impoverished Areas


 
Overview
In cooperation with medical hospitals, dental associations, pharmaceutical companies, and local governments, TMPF began a project in 1992 providing annual medical and dental care to local
residents who would otherwise have no access to healthcare. TMPF ﬁnances the project and TMPF partner institutions provide free medical and dental services and free medicine. Around 250 volunteers, made up of Toyota employees and scholars; doctors and nurses; dentists, and pharmaceutical staff actively participate in the project. Three diagnostic vans offered by TMPF provide vital services such as X-rays, mammograms and various laboratory tests. Minor surgeries are sometimes performed on patients, while those with acute illnesses are referred to area hospitals.
 
Achievements
Total number of patients examined since 1992: More than 101,000.


A baby having blood taken by volunteer doctor Volunteer dentist removing a boy’s tooth
 

 

Natural Disaster Relief in Japan and Overseas


 
Overview
When a major disaster occurs, TMC undertakes recovery activities with protecting human life and recovery of the affected area as its highest priorities. Toyota accurately assesses the damage in the affected region and responds as quickly as possible, providing vehicles to support disaster relief efforts and making donations to relief organizations such as the Japan Red Cross, Central Community Chest of Japan and Japan Platform.
 
Activities in FY2014–2015
Earthquake in Yunan Province, China in August 2014:
Total of 8 million renminbi
(Total from TMC, TMCI, Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. and China FAW Group Corporation)
Damage from torrential rain in western Japan in August 2014: 10 million yen
Damage from Cyclone Pam in Vanuatu in March 2015: 3 million yen Earthquake in Nepal in April 2015: Total of 10 million yen
(Total from TMC and Toyota Tsusho Corporation)
 







Social Contribution Activities | Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities
Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities


Toyota supports employees’ participation in volunteer activities undertaken on their own initiative and seeks to establish communities where people support one another. In Japan, Toyota works with relevant parties to plan and conduct programs that address various issues surrounding communities in four key ﬁelds: environment, disaster relief, social welfare, and sports. Toyota also internally disseminates volunteer information from outside organizations.


Activity Cases

Toyota Volunteer Center: Supporting Volunteer Activities that Provide Opportunities for Employees to Address Community Issues

 
Overview
The Toyota Volunteer Center was established within the company in 1993, and works with all plants and ofﬁces to support volunteer activities targeting employees (including their family members and
retirees). The center encourages the many employees who say, “I am interested in volunteering, but have no chance to get involved,” to participate in its original programs and other activities held by local organizations. It also issues a newsletter that provides a broad overview of employee volunteer activities.
 
Achievements
Approximately 20,000 Toyota employees participate in volunteer activities every year.
The center incorporates volunteer experiences into training, targeting new hires and young employees.
 

 
Volunteers cleaning wheelchairs at a hospital
 

“Table For Two” Program to Support School Lunches in Africa

 
Overview
In a move to support hunger relief efforts in Africa and promote healthy eating among employees at the same time, Toyota began assisting the “Table For Two” program run by the authorized NPO “Table For Two International” in June 2011. Each time an employee orders a reduced- calorie lunch in one of the company cafeterias on Wednesdays, a total of 20 yen (10 yen from the employee and 10 yen from the company) is donated to provide one school lunch to a child in Africa. This program provides a casual opportunity for employees to take part in a social contribution activity and helps boost their volunteer-related awareness.
 
Achievements
Introduction of the program into the cafeterias of all plants and ofﬁces was completed in May 2015. The total donation in FY2015 amounted to approximately
3.4 million yen (equivalent to approximately 170,000 school lunches). The cumulative total donation since FY2011 amounts to approximately 12.26 million yen.
 

 
Having meals at a company cafeteria to help provide school lunches to children in Africa
 

 

Volunteering to Preserve Loggerhead Turtle Spawning Beach: Employees Nurturing a Precious Ecosystem
Overview	Achievements
 
Omotehama beach on the Atsumi Peninsula in Aichi Prefecture is known as a haven for spawning loggerhead turtles, but has suffered increasing erosion due to factors such a decrease in the amount of earth and
sand deposited by the Tenryu River. Its ecosystem is now in jeopardy. Once a year since 2011, employees from the Tahara Plant located close to the beach and the Head Ofﬁce have turned out with their families
to work in cooperation with Omotehama Network, a local NPO, and Akabane Juku, building hedges out of bamboo to serve as windbreaks and reduce erosion. They also clean the beach in preparation for the loggerhead turtles’ arrival for spawning, beginning in May.
 
Between FY2011 and FY2015, 611 people from the Head Ofﬁce and the Tahara Plant participated.
In April 2016, 164 participants worked on the project.
 

 
Using bamboo sticks to prevent sand from blowing away, re-creating a beach suitable for loggerhead turtle spawning
 







Social Contribution Activities | Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities
Thinning of Planted Forests by Volunteers: Initiative to Develop Rich and Beautiful Forests

Overview	Achievements
 
Committed to conserving local forests, volunteers ﬁrst gathered in Asuke Town, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture, in 2000 to begin forest maintenance activities such as cutting underbrush and pruning. Since then, their activities have expanded. In 2008, the internal volunteer circle “Forest Keepers” was established and made an agreement with Toyota City to work on forestry activities in city-owned forests. Thinning operations that keep forests in a healthy condition also immerse the participants in nature and contribute to their health and well-being.
Another initiative, a woodcraft workshop utilizing timber from forest thinning, has been conducted for local residents.
 
In FY2015, a total of 511 people participated in 71 volunteer events, thinning 634 trees in planted forests.
Since 2008, a cumulative total of 3,976 people have participated in 390 volunteer events, thinning 5,943 trees in planted forests.
 


 
Thinning trees to create a healthy forest, giving utmost attention to safety
 
Children who attended the woodcraft workshop
 


Promoting Community Contribution through Volunteer Activities with “Team Toyota”

Overview	Achievements
 
Since the establishment of the ﬁrst Toyota manufacturing facilities more than 30 years ago, TMNA has promoted volunteer activities among team members and their families and friends. Executives also participate in volunteer activities, making the company-wide volunteer initiative to contribute to local communities.
TMNA’s volunteer recognition program includes the Team Member Donation Program from which each team member can designate Toyota funding to charitable organizations of their choice, based on the number of volunteer hours performed by the team member during the year.
Another recognition program acknowledges “top volunteers” each year. Team members who have had a special impact on the local community are selected as “Community Star (volunteers of the year).” The company honors these volunteers through donations directly to the organizations for which these team members volunteer.
 
A result of TEMA* (2015)
Team Toyota Volunteer Program: More than 400 team members volunteered for a total of 10,000 hours
Donation by company: 57,000 dollars to local charitable organizations designated by TEMA team members
Top Volunteers: 18,000 dollars awarded to local agencies

* TEMA: Toyota Motor Engineering and Manufacturing North America

Volunteers planting vegetation	TEMA Volunteer of the Year, Terence
Proctor, Information Systems Manager
 

Volunteer Activities at “Anna House” Homeless Support Center

Overview	Achievements
 
Since 2005, employees of TMKR have been participating in volunteer programs at Anna House, a facility in suburban Seoul that assists homeless people. Volunteering activities are done once or twice on a monthly basis, mainly dealing with providing free meals to approximately 450 homeless people who visit Anna House on a daily basis. Dealers in other regions are also participating in similar volunteer activities at local facilities. Homelessness support organizations praise the enthusiasm of the volunteers from Toyota.
 
Cumulative number of meals provided: Approximately 76,000
Cumulative number of TMKR volunteers: 2,835
 

 
Employees participating in volunteer activities Hand-made kimchi is donated to Anna House
 







Social Contribution Activities | Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities
sc07_01
Focus
Volunteer Support for the Special Olympics

Toyota supports the Special Olympics by dispatching employee volunteers and through other means.

2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games (Los Angeles)
Overview of event

Event period	July 25‒August 2, 2015

Number of participants	543,500 participants from 165 countries and regions

Number of events	25 (Japanese athletes participated
in 11 events)

 
Overview of Event and Details of Support
More than 8,000 athletes from 165 countries participated in the 2015 Special Olympics World Games held in the
United States, the birthplace of the Special Olympics. Fierce competition unfolded with the support of many volunteers.
As an ofﬁcial sponsor, Toyota donated ﬁve million dollars, provided 400 vehicles, and supported the event through various other means. Participating employee volunteers supported the games through various means including working at the reception desk, providing logistical support at events, and serving as drivers between event venues.
 









Employee Volunteers
 


700
 






persons
 

2016 Special Olympics Nippon National Winter Games in Niigata

Overview of event
Event period	February 12–14, 2016
Number of participants	24,610
Number of events	7

 
Overview of Event and Details of Support
The Niigata Games were also held as the trials for selecting the Japanese athletes who will compete in the World Games to be held in Austria in 2017. More than 600 athletes from around Japan and numerous volunteers and athlete family members worked together to support the athletes.
Toyota entered into a national partner agreement with Special Olympics Nippon in January 2016 and provided comprehensive support to the Niigata Games.
Toyota dispatched employee volunteers (including members of company sports clubs) to assist with operations and leadership at competitions and other events. PR activities and support tours were also held at sales branches in Niigata to further raise excitement for the Games.
 










Employee volunteers and supporters
 



112
 

 
 	Please see page 30 and 59 for more information about the Special Olympics. 
 







Social Contribution Activities | Cultural and Exhibit Facilities
Cultural and Exhibit Facilities


The ideas of contributing to society through manufacturing and leading the times through research and creativity represent the passion of our predecessors and have been passed on to the Toyota of today. To create an enriching future for people and cars, Toyota puts considerable effort into preserving its founding spirit and concepts in the form of an automotive and manufacturing culture.


Activity Cases
Toyota Kuragaike Commemorative Hall: Introducing the History of Toyota and the Dreams of the People who Supported its Founding

Overview
Photos, videos, dioramas, and actual vehicles are used to introduce the path Toyota’s founder, Kiichiro Toyoda, and his colleagues took in overcoming countless obstacles in their quest to realize their great dream of establishing a full-ﬂedged automotive industry in Japan.
Kiichiro’s former residence, built in 1933, was relocated and restored on the hall grounds, reminding visitors of earlier times. The adjoining Kuragaike Art Salon hold exhibits mostly of an artwork owned by Toyota.


Toyota Kaikan Museum: Displaying Toyota’s Vision and State-of-the-Art Technologies, and Providing a Reception Point for Plant Tours
Overview
The Museum shows today’s Toyota, displaying state-of-the-art environmental and safety technologies, as well as automobile manufacturing under the Toyota Production System aimed at high quality.
The Museum also provides the reception point for plant tours, which are conducted in both Japanese and English and thus are very popular with visitors from overseas. The Museum also receives ﬁfth graders on ﬁeld trips, and provides a plant tour and holds a trafﬁc safety school for kindergarteners as part of Toyota’s social contribution activities.


Sakichi Toyoda Memorial House: Exhibiting the Life Story of Sakichi Toyoda, Founder of the Toyota Group and Major Contributor to the Development of Japanese Industry, at His Birthplace
Overview
The site includes the main house, the barn where Sakichi carried out his research, and the home where he was born (restored in 1990). Displays include Sakichi’s ﬁrst invention, the Toyoda Wooden Hand Loom, as well as the Type G Toyoda Automatic Loom, patent certiﬁcates, and other precious items. Additionally, a movie depicting Sakichi’s life helps visitors intimately feel and experience his ambitions and passion.


 







Social Contribution Activities | Cultural and Exhibit Facilities
Toyota Automobile Museum: Learning the History of Automobiles through Classic Cars from around the World


 
Overview
The Museum displays 160 classic cars from around the world that contributed to the development of the automotive industry, showing how closely interlinked the global and Japanese automotive industries have been as they advanced. The museum gives great importance to maintaining and preserving these cars and features original vehicles preserved in working condition. Visitors can see the cars being driven in demonstration drives held each spring and autumn. There are three vehicles visitors can actually ride in. In addition, classes are held twice a year that allow participants to actually drive a Ford Model T. The museum not only holds original exhibits, but also hosts the classic car
 

festivals, programs targeted at schools, and other various events to help people become familiar with the history and culture of automobiles.

   
 


 

Toyota Commemorative Museum of Industry and Technology
Exhibits and Demonstrations to Introduce the History of Toyota, which Used the Textile Machinery Business as a Springboard to Enter the World Stage of Car Manufacturing

 
Overview
The Toyota Commemorative Museum of Industry and Technology was established in a building that dates back to the origins of the Toyota Group, located on the site of the former Toyoda Spinning & Weaving Co., Ltd. The creation of the museum preserved the red brick building, whose architecture is historically signiﬁcant, as a historical heritage site for the entire Toyota Group. Its aim is to broadly convey the value of the spirit of being studious and creative as well as the importance of monozukuri. The museum introduces textile machinery and the history of automotive technology as well as the history of the Toyota Group, with demonstrations using real machines and video presentations.
 

In 2014, the exhibit area for the Initial Period of Toyota’s Automobile Business in the Automobile Pavilion was remodeled.

   
 


 

MEGA WEB: Car Theme Park in Tokyo’s Waterfront District Enabling Visitors to Look, Ride, and Feel Cars

Overview
MEGA WEB features three theme pavilions: the Toyota City Showcase, a display area with information on Toyota’s global environmental, safety and other technologies, motorsports as well as Toyota vehicles from Japan and overseas; the History Garage, a display of historical vehicles from Japan, America, and Europe; and the Ride Studio, an indoor driving course where even children can experience the joy of driving while learning trafﬁc rules. In addition, MEGA WEB includes the Ride One, a course that allows participants to test drive any of Toyota’s passenger vehicles. Through those attractions, including hands-on events, MEGA WEB communicates information on car culture.

 







Social Contribution Activities | Foundations
Foundations

The Toyota Foundation: Globally Supporting NGO/NPO Activities

 
Overview
The Toyota Foundation was established in 1974 to support research and programs that seek solutions to problems in various ﬁelds according to the speciﬁc needs of the times from a global perspective. The foundation currently conducts a variety of support programs. Its domestic programs aim at utilizing local resources to create jobs and develop new leaders in order to invigorate local communities in Japan. Its international programs focus on policy suggestions and measures related to issues such as aging populations and cultural diversiﬁcation, common to Southeast Asian and East Asian countries including Japan.
 
Achievements
Cumulative total number of grants provided: Approximately 7,900 grants totaling about 17.9 billion yen
 



      Topics
 
FY2015 International Grant Program, Grant Awarding Ceremony
 
Group discussion at the International Conference on Asian Nonproﬁt Sectors (ICANS)
 

Toyota NPO Kaiketsu “Solution” College lecture course held
In May 2016, the foundation held an ongoing lecture course titled Toyota NPO Kaiketsu “Solution” College (a total of six lectures) that provided
a broad array of NPOs with an opportunity to acquire problem-solving techniques from Toyota’s organizational management.
In the Toyota NPO Kaiketsu “Solution” College, participants learn Toyota’s problem-solving philosophy and methodology. All new employees learn this when they join TMC. Toyota’s problem-solving
techniques can be applied not only to production sites, but to all kinds of organizations and businesses. The foundation developed the lecture course because it believed these techniques would also be applicable to NPOs. We hope that the lecture course will help people from a wide array of NPOs gain abilities to solve the problems they face in their operations, empowering them to develop powerful solutions for regional
 
and societal issues.
 
Kick-off symposium in March 2016 (Tokyo Head Ofﬁce)
 
Upper left: Masaki Kimura (CEO, Aichi Community Foundation)
Lower left: Setsu Mori (Editor-in-Chief of
Alterna magazine)
 
Upper right: Takeo Furuya (Project General Manager, Business Quality Improvement Division, Toyota Motor Corporation)
Lower right: Keita Yamamoto (COO, PubliCo, Inc.)
 

 

Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation: Supporting High School and Female College Students Majoring in Science and Engineering Pursue Engineering Careers

 
Overview
In the Toyota Group, there are many women working as engineers who create entirely new things. The Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation was established in 2014, with the hope of creating opportunities for aspiring female students to discover their future careers by meeting these predecessors and hearing their stories. Its goal is to increase the number of women who want to study science and engineering and support female students who can go on to become active in the world of manufacturing. The foundation creates opportunities for high school students to come into contact with the world of engineering through various kinds of seminars and events.
Female students entering science and engineering universities are supported with mentoring and scholarships.
 
Achievements
Project to introduce careers in science and engineering (targeted at high school students)
Conducted on-demand classes targeting approximately 5,000 students (male and female) at 24 schools in Aichi Prefecture.
Scholarship support project (targeting female college students majoring in science and engineering)
Provided scholarships to 129 students at 36 universities nationwide.
 

 
On-demand class conducted at a high school by female engineers from the Toyota Group
 
Female college students majoring in science and engineering attending the FY2015 scholarship support project called “Camp for the Future of Female Science and Engineering Students”
 







Social Contribution Activities | Foundations
sTco0y9o_ta01Mobility Foundation: To Enable More People to Go More Places

Overview	Achievements
 
The Toyota Mobility Foundation was established in August 2014 to realize a prosperous mobility society while eliminating disparities in mobility. We partner with a variety of non-proﬁt organizations, research institutions, and others to address mobility issues around in the world.
 
Number of grants issued in FY2014: Two grants totaling about
740 million yen
Number of grants issued in FY2015: Two grants totaling about
580 million yen
 


     Topics 1

Grant Projects Start in Japan! –Providing the Freedom of Mobility in Mountainous Areas–
 
Populations in mountainous areas of Japan have been declining and aging, making it difﬁcult for residents to go shopping, visit medical clinics, or commute to school. Concerns that these mobility restrictions may negatively impact their health and increase the ﬁnancial burden of nursing costs are emerging. To address these issues, Toyota Mobility Foundation began providing grants to Mimasaka City, Okayama Prefecture, for four years and Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture, for three
 
years, with the goal of building new mobility systems in mountainous areas through the introduction of a variety of mobility means, such as ultra-compact EVs.
The foundation’s hope is that these projects will bring freedom of mobility to the people of mountainous areas facing the issue of aging populations and will become a mobility model for community revitalization.
 

 
Case 1: Ueyama District of Mimasaka City, Okayama Prefecture









Words of Appreciation from Grant Recipient
Ms. Masayo Ino
Chairperson of Aida Ueyama Tanadadan (NPO)
 
Case 2: Asuke District of Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture

Project name	Asuke Mobility Project
Grantees	Nagoya University
Project Period	About 3 years starting in April 2016
Project Budget	360 million yen
 

 
We hope to utilize the grant from TMF to create new frameworks and business models, and communicate what we learn to other areas facing similar issues, in order to solve long-term issues such as inconveniences in daily mobility and inefﬁciency in farm work.
 






Members of grantee NPO and residents of Ueyama District of Mimasaka City
 






“COMS” The super- compact electric vehicle
 


 
     Topics 2

Next Generation Mobility Challenge (United States) We carried out a new challenge called Next Generation Mobility Challenge, to leverage and inspire millennials, who were born between the middle of the 1980s and the early 2000s and are well versed in
the Internet and other technologies, to address critical mobility issues throughout the United States. In the ﬁnal selection held in May 2016, the ﬁrst prize was won by a team that proposed an app that would help visually impaired people navigate their surroundings. The winning team received internships at the Partner Robot Group of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America (TEMA). TMF will continue activities engaging in young people to develop innovative solutions for mobility issues.
 



A team participating in the Next Generation Mobility Challenge
 

 
 







Governance | Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance


 
Toyota has positioned the sustainable growth and the stable long- term growth of corporate value as priority management issues. It believes that in carrying this out, it is essential that it both builds positive relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders and customers as well as business partners, local communities and employees, as well as continues to supply products that will satisfy its customers. This position is reﬂected in the “Guiding Principles
at Toyota,” which is a statement of Toyota’s fundamental business policies. Also, Toyota adopted and presented the CSR Policy
 
“Contribution towards Sustainable Development,” an interpretation of the “Guiding Principles at Toyota” that organizes the relationships with its stakeholders. Toyota will work to enhance corporate governance through a variety of measures. Toyota is implementing each principle of the Corporate Governance Code adopted in
June 2015 and the details of the measures for implementation are deliberated at the Corporate Governance Meeting then reported to the Board of Directors.
 


 

 
In March 2011, Toyota announced the “Toyota Global Vision” and commenced “Visionary Management.” This is based on Toyota’s values that have guided Toyota since its founding, such as “The Toyoda Precepts,” the “Guiding Principles at Toyota” and the
 
“Toyota Way,” which aim to exceed customer expectations by manufacturing ever-better cars and enriching the lives of societies, and to be rewarded with a smile that ultimately leads to the stable base of business.
 


 
Execution of Duties and Supervision
In April 2011, as a management structure towards “fulﬁllment of the Toyota Global Vision,” Toyota has reduced the Board of Directors and decision-making layers, and has endeavored to swiftly communicate the views of customers and information from operations on-ground to management and facilitate rapid management decision-making.
In April 2013, Toyota made organizational changes with the aim of further increasing the speed of decision-making so that each of the four units* is responsible for its own operations and earnings. In April 2015, with the aim of enhancing operational oversight and further increasing the speed of decision-making and execution
of operations, the responsibility for executive vice presidents was changed to making decisions regarding management from a medium to long-term perspective and supervising execution of operations, with executives at senior managing ofﬁcer level and below now responsible for execution of operations, such as business units, regional operations and key functions.
Moreover, in April 2016, Toyota made organizational changes with the aim of further promoting its overarching goal of
manufacturing ever-better cars and the continued development of a talented workforce to serve such goal, and delegated substantial power to the new nine business units*, including the seven product- based in-house companies that will be responsible for short- to
 


mid-term product strategy and development. By implementing a streamlined operation from planning through manufacturing, Toyota intends to promote quicker decision-making.
Under the Board of Directors, the “Corporate Planning Committee” considers growth strategies that weave in Toyota’s contributions to various social issues and Toyota promotes on a company-wide basis CSR and enhancement of corporate value as part of business operations. As part of management of operations, the “Corporate Governance Committee” deliberates the corporate governance structure that executes such strategies.
Furthermore, Toyota has an “International Advisory Board” consisting of advisors from each region overseas, and, as appropriate, receives advice on a wide range of management issues from a global perspective. In addition, Toyota deliberates on and monitors management and corporate activities based on views of various stakeholders through a wide variety of bodies for deliberations, including the “Labor-Management Council, the Joint Labor-Management Round Table Conference.”


*1 Lexus International, Toyota No.1, Toyota No.2, Unit Center
*2 Advanced R&D and Engineering Company, Toyota Compact Car Company, Mid- size Vehicle Company, CV Company, Lexus International Co., Power Train Company, Connected Company, Toyota No.1, Toyota No.2
 







Governance | Corporate Governance

System regarding Members of the Board of Directors
 
With respect to the system regarding members of the Board of Directors, Toyota has comprehensively considered and appointed the right person for the right position to make appropriate and prompt decision-making. Toyota believes that it is important to elect individuals that comprehend and engage in the manufacturing of ever-better cars and problem solving based on the actual situation on-site (genchi genbutsu) that Toyota emphasizes, and contribute to decision-making aimed at sustainable growth into
the future. Members of Toyota’s “Executive Appointment Meeting,” which is comprised of the Chairman, President, Executive Vice President in charge of Human Resources and an Outside Director, discuss recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning appointment of Members of the Board of Directors.
At the 109th Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting held in June 2013, three Outside Members of the Board of Directors were appointed in order to further reﬂect the opinions of those
 
from outside the company in management’s decision-making process, and all of them are registered as independent ofﬁcer with the relevant ﬁnancial instruments exchanges. Toyota considers the appointment of Outside Members of the Board of Directors as independent ofﬁcer in accordance with requirements for Outside Members of the Board of Directors set forth in the Companies Act and independence standards established by the relevant ﬁnancial instruments exchanges. Toyota’s Outside Members of the Board of Directors advise it in its management decision-making process based on their broad experiences and insight in their respective ﬁelds of expertise, independently from management structure.
Furthermore, Toyota appointed the ﬁrst foreign executive vice president in FY2015. At the senior managing ofﬁcer level and below, ofﬁcers from group companies and foreign ofﬁcers have been appointed. Toyota has built a diverse management structure with the right person for the right position.
 

System regarding Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 
Toyota has adopted an Audit & Supervisory Board system. Six Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members) play a role in Toyota’s corporate governance efforts by undertaking audits in accordance with the audit policies and plans determined by the Audit & Supervisory Board. In appointing Audit & Supervisory Board Members, Toyota has appointed individuals who have broad experiences and insight in their respective ﬁelds of expertise and can advise management from a fair and neutral perspective, as well as audit the execution of business. Members of Toyota’s “Executive Appointment Meeting,” which is comprised of the Chairman, President, Executive Vice
 
President in charge of Human Resources and an Outside Director, discuss recommendations concerning appointment of Audit & Supervisory Board Members to the Audit & Supervisory Board.
Toyota has appointed three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, all of whom are registered as independent ofﬁcers with the relevant ﬁnancial instruments exchanges. Toyota considers
the appointment of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members in accordance with requirements for Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members set forth in the Companies Act and independence standards established by the relevant ﬁnancial instruments exchanges.
 

Remuneration for Members of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 
Remuneration for Members of the Board of Directors consists of ﬁxed basic payment and variable bonus. Toyota’s remuneration structure ensures a link with company performance, reﬂecting job responsibilities and performance of individuals. Level of remuneration is also considered based on the remuneration level
in countries of origin. Bonus is determined based on consolidated operating income of each year, comprehensively taking into account dividends, level of bonus for employees, trends of other companies, mid- to long-term business performance and amounts paid in the past. With respect to remuneration for Outside Members of the Board of Directors, bonus will not be paid in light of their role of monitoring and supervising management from an independent position. Members of Toyota’s “Executive Remuneration Meeting,”
 
which is comprised of the Chairman, President, Executive Vice President in charge of Human Resources and an Outside Director, discuss recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning remuneration for Members of the Board of Directors.
Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members consists only of ﬁxed basic payment and bonus is not paid. By making the compensation structure less susceptible to business performance, independence from management is ensured. Remuneration
for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined upon consultation among Audit & Supervisory Board Members within the scope of remuneration determined by the resolution at the Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting.
 
Corporate Governance Organizational Diagram (Emphasizing frontline operations + multidirectional monitoring)
 







Governance | Corporate Governance

[ Actual Results for the Previous Fiscal Year and Major Initiatives for the Current Fiscal Year ]

	Major Initiatives during FY2015 (Actual Results)	Major Initiatives during FY2016
Corporate Governance	In Executives’ meetings and policy management, strengthening of a structure for more effective supervision of business execution by the Board of Directors, and more effective business execution by presidents and managing officers
Established management structures in conjunction with the revision of the Companies Act (May)
Implemented information disclosure in conjunction with the introduction of the Corporate Governance Code (June)
Promoted to management positions of human resources from Toyota Group companies and overseas affiliates, with the right person for the right position	Transformation into a company system for speedy decision-making by consolidating accountability and authority for presidents
Augmentation of a system to enable the Board of Directors to make decisions and supervise operations effectively
Comprehensive and coherent communication regarding financial and non-financial information through the issuance of the Sustainable Management Report (Annual Report) and more productive dialogue with stakeholders



 
Basic understanding of system to ensure appropriateness of business operations
Toyota, together with its subsidiaries, has created and maintained a sound corporate climate based on the “Guiding Principles at Toyota” and the “Toyota Code of Conduct.” Toyota integrates the principles of problem identiﬁcation and continuous improvement into its business operation process and makes continuous efforts to train employees who will put these principles into practice.
 
System to ensure the appropriateness of business operations and outline of implementation status of such systems
Toyota has endeavored to establish a system for ensuring the appropriateness of business operations as a corporate group and the proper implementation of that system in accordance with the “Basic Policies on Establishing Internal Controls. “Each business year, Toyota inspects the establishment and implementation of internal controls to conﬁrm that the organizational units responsible for implementing internal controls are functioning autonomously and are enhancing internal controls as necessary, and ﬁndings from the inspection are reviewed at Corporate Governance Meetings and the Board of Directors’ meetings.
 

Accordingly, Toyota has developed its basic policy regarding the items as stipulated in the Companies Act. For further information on the 2016 Corporate Governance Report “ IV Basic Approach to Internal Control System and its Development “, please visit the webpage:

 	Corporate Governance		http://www.toyota-global.com/investors/ir_library/cg/ 
 







Governance | Risk Management
Risk Management

In response to the series of recall issues in 2010, Toyota has been reinforcing its risk management systems. A Risk Management Meeting (now renamed Corporate Governance Meeting) was established in June 2010 and risk managers were appointed as part of global measures in each section to take preventive action across the range of risk occurring in business activities.


 
Appointment of Risk Management Personnel
Toyota appointed a Global Chief Risk Management Ofﬁcer (CRO) to head global risk management and established a structure under the Global CRO to monitor risks on a daily basis. This makes it possible to respond immediately in the event of an emergency.
Regional CROs are appointed under the Global CRO to oversee individual regions, and each region has its own risk management structure. In the in-house Head Ofﬁce, the chief ofﬁcers and the
 


risk managers in each department and division are appointed to be responsible for managing risks according to function, while in each company the respective presidents and risk managers are appointed to be responsible for managing risks according to products to cooperate with and support each Regional Head Ofﬁce.
 


 
Promotion by Corporate Governance Meeting
Since April 2015, an optimal governance structure has been deliberated in the Corporate Governance Meeting, which serves as a supervising body over business implementation, to realize growth and business strategies that have taken a wide range of social challenges into consideration. The Meeting discusses matters related to risk management.
Two of the ﬁve yearly meetings of the Corporate Governance Meeting are attended by the CRO of each region, all Chief Ofﬁcers and all Company Presidents. This enables the meeting to comprehensively identify risks to business activities and initiate preventive action. At the meeting, improvements and
reinforcements to the risk management system of each region are
 


conﬁrmed and serious risks are reported along with all current risk items. Reports are also made on the status of initiatives against imminent serious risks and other risks with global implications.
In particular, we are focusing on information security and Business Continuity Management (BCM) where businesses are recently exposed to increased risk.
Risks that could affect Toyota’s business operations are listed in the Form 20-F. These risks include items relating to industry and business risks, ﬁnancial market and economic risks, event risks in relation to politics, regulations, legal proceeding, disasters, etc. that could impact the decision of investors.
 

 	Form 20-F		http://www.toyota-global.com/investors/ir_library/sec/ 



 







Governance | Risk Management
Initiatives for Information Security


 
With cyber-attacks becoming more sophisticated and complicated, the information and information systems of the company and
the network of control systems regarding the plant facilities and automobiles could become attack targets, which has increased the importance of information security for Toyota.
 
Toyota will ensure safety and security of our customers from cyber- attack. From the viewpoints of governance and risk management, regarding it as our social responsibility to protect our customers’ personal information, Toyota is taking a range of measures to maintain information security.
 


 
Information Security Policy
In June 2016, Toyota and its consolidated subsidiaries established the Information Security Policy in order to clarify the basic policy and initiatives of information security and work cooperatively to address information security.
 
Toyota’s basic approach to information security
 



 	Information Security Policy		http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/csr/risk-management/pdf/information-security-policy_en.pdf 


Under the overall control of the Chief Information Security Ofﬁcer, security ofﬁcers are respectively assigned in the individual security ﬁelds to promote information security activities. Details of activities in each security ﬁeld and overall common challenges have been shared and discussed at the Information Security Promotion Meeting to improve information security throughout Toyota.

 







Governance | Risk Management


 
Toyota has established the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG) covering Toyota, its subsidiaries and afﬁliates that seek to prevent in-house information leaks, unauthorized access from outside, etc. and is trying to ensure complete information security.
The ATSG establishes measures in organizational, personnel, technological, and physical management and also stipulates a
 
response system for the event of an information leak occurring. We work to ensure information security from multiple approaches.
Under the ATSG, an annual inspection of the status of information security initiatives at each company is conducted to maintain and continuously improve information security.
 

All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG)

 
Structure for ATSG Implementation at Subsidiaries and Afﬁliates
 



2. Self-inspection
5. Improvement initiatives
 


4. Improvement advice and support
 







Governance | Risk Management

Business Continuity Management at Toyota

 
Although Toyota was not directly affected by large-scale disasters such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Thailand ﬂoods, our production operations were brought to a halt for a long period of time which caused inconvenience to customers both in sales and services.
We have deep concerns about the possibility of a Nankai Trough earthquake these days, as the Toyota Group Companies’ main functions are concentrated in the Nankai Trough areas, and it is expected that a large scale earthquake would severely impact the production of our products and operations.
To be prepared for such incidents, the Business Continuity Plan (BCP*2) was established to facilitate early recovery of business
operations with limited resources. In order to contribute to enriching lives of communities, Toyota will work on disaster recovery according to the Basic Guidelines on the right.
 
Toyota’s Basic Guidelines
Priorities following a disaster

         

After the Kumamoto Earthquake which occurred in April 2016, we provided supporters based on the BCP.


*1 BCM: Business Continuity Management
*2 BCP: Business Continuity Plan
 

Humanitarian Aid and Early Recovery of Disaster-affected Areas (Communities)
 

To improve the feasibility of the Basic Guidelines, which give priority to regional recovery following a disaster, and to help build disaster- resilient communities, Toyota has concluded disaster support agreements with local governments (October 2013: Toyota City; February 2014: Miyoshi City; March 2015: Tahara City; August 2015: Susono City).
Humanitarian support and regional recovery assistance are to be provided under mutual cooperation with local governments. Toyota is preparing relevant implementation structures, etc. by incorporating necessary provisions in its business continuity plan (BCP).
 

Details of recovery support:
(1)	Rescue and relief in the wake of the disaster
(2)	Provision of temporary evacuation facilities to accommodate local people affected by the disaster
(3)	Provision of the designated shelter facilities
(4)	Provision of food, drinking water, and daily necessities for distribution through local governments
(5)	Cargo handling assistance at municipal relief supply facilities
(6)	Provision of land necessary for restoration of local infrastructure (water supply and drainage, roads, etc.)
(7)	Employee participation in local recovery activities
 


Business Continuity Management (BCM) at Toyota
 

Each division and function at Toyota has formulated a recovery- oriented BCP (organization chart, operational ﬂowchart, and operational procedure manual). Using this in training and exercises, the PDCA cycle is implemented and continuous improvement is undertaken to constantly raise the practical effectiveness of the plan. These activities are identiﬁed as the Business Continuity Management (BCM), which are delivered through coordination
 

among employees and their families, Toyota Group companies and suppliers, and Toyota. Through this process of formulation and review of the BCP, we aim to develop human resources with the ability to respond to an incident and to build, as a routine task, a system of risk-resilient organizational structures, workplaces, and individuals.
 

 
 







Governance | Risk Management

 


Focus
 
Building a Disaster-resilient Supply Chain Together with Suppliers
Toyota has provided recovery support in accordance with the following priorities: (1) Humanitarian aid; (2) Recovery of the disaster-affected area; (3) Restoration of Toyota’s operations and production. Since the Great East Japan Earthquake, with the aim of prompt initial action and early recovery, we have united with suppliers in each country and region to build a disaster- resilient supply chain by sharing supply chain information and setting up measures of preparedness.
In sharing supply chain information in Japan, we receive highly conﬁdential information from suppliers to build up a database known as the RESCUE* system based on the concept of protecting Japanese monozukuri (manufacturing). Under strict compliance with its duty of conﬁdentiality, Toyota conducts regular training with suppliers that could be usefully applied in the event of a disaster. It was also utilized after the occurrence of the Kumamoto Earthquake in April 2016. Moreover, this system has been standardized and shared with other companies along with case studies of its application through the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, helping thus to lay the foundations of a disaster-resilient supply chain.
Toyota is implementing equivalent initiatives with suppliers in each country and region overseas.

* RESCUE: REinforce Supply Chain Under Emergency


RESCUE system storing supply chain information
 

 
   Toyota Motor Corporation 
 
 	RESCUE	
 
 	Suppliers	
 

Tier 1 suppliers	Tier 2 suppliers	Tier 3 suppliers


 

Sharing of Supply Chain Information
 
Risk Analysis
 

Registration of Supply Chain Information
 





Governance | Compliance
Compliance


 
The Guiding Principles at Toyota states that Toyota will “honor the language and spirit of the law of every nation and undertake open and fair corporate activities to be a good citizen of the world.” It is through this process that Toyota seeks to fulﬁll the responsibilities expected of it, which leads to compliance. In accordance with its Basic Approach to Internal Controls, Toyota is promoting initiatives
 
centered on the construction of frameworks such as those for adopting and implementing the Code of Conduct and human resource development through education and other means. Toyota has also established consultation hotlines to ensure that no issue is overlooked and detailed responses can be made.
 


Toyota Code of Conduct

The Toyota Code of Conduct (adopted in 1998 and revised in March 2006) organizes fundamental concepts and sets forth concrete guidelines for all Toyota personnel so that we can put the Guiding Principles at Toyota into practice and carry out our social responsibilities. A booklet containing a copy of the Toyota Code of Conduct is distributed to all employees to put into practice at work and in society.

 	Toyota Code of Conduct		http://www.toyota-global.com/company/vision_philosophy/toyota_code_of_conduct.html 



 
Since April 2015, an optimal governance structure has been deliberated in the Corporate Governance Meeting, which serves as a supervising body over business implementation, to realize growth and business strategies that have taken a wide range of social challenges into consideration. The Meeting discusses matters related to compliance.
 
Organizational Diagram
 



Major company-wide issues relating to overall corporate ethics, compliance, and governance


Checking Activities to Enhance Compliance
 

In FY2008, Toyota started checking activities to enhance its compliance structure. In FY2009, Toyota also started the checking of subsidiaries in addition to internal checking. These activities are being implemented annually with improvements. The results of the activities were reported to the Corporate Governance Meeting, and Toyota continues to push ahead with improvements based on the
 

results.
By incorporating areas that need improvement into action plans for each ﬁscal year, we are able to undertake continuous measures without interruption.
We also make visits to subsidiaries and take action to determine actual conditions and provide suitable support.
 

Activity Diagram
 







Governance | Compliance

Education and Training to Ensure Thorough Compliance
 
To ensure that awareness of compliance issues extends throughout the company, Toyota conducts education and training programs
for directors, newly-appointed departmental general managers and newly-recruited employees in addition to company-wide e-learning programs.
In addition to standard legal areas including labor law,
 
antimonopoly law, and subcontracting law, we conduct business compliance seminars on copyrights, conﬁdentiality controls, product liability, and other topics. Approximately 1,700 persons attended these seminars in FY2015. Toyota also conducts on- demand seminars at individual divisions on a wide range of topics based on the speciﬁc needs of each division.
 

Main Past Educational Themes

 
Contracts
Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations
Intellectual Property (trademarks) Confidentiality Control
Labor
 
Antimonopoly Law
Insider Trading Regulations Product Liability Act
Anti-bribery
Export Operations Management Subcontracting Law
 
Copyright
Act on the Protection of Personal Information
Taxation
Safety and Health, Etc.
 


 

Corruption Prevention Measures
In response to the global expansion of its business and rising societal demands, Toyota adopted the Anti-Bribery Guidelines in 2012 to completely eliminate corruption. Toyota is strengthening its preventive measures and working to prevent corruption by raising awareness and spreading the anti-corruption message through
 



internal training and education and informing business partners of its anti-corruption stance. Furthermore, Toyota has been incorporating anti-bribery into its checking activities since 2013,
and has been promoting improvement activities towards reinforcing its anti-bribery systems at Toyota as well as its subsidiaries.
 

 	Anti-Bribery Guidelines (For Business Partners)		http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/csr/compliance/ 


 
The Compliance Hotline
Toyota has established a number of hotlines for swift and appropriate resolution of issues related to compliance, gender harassment, working conditions, and mental and physical health. The Compliance Hotline allows employees to have consultations concerning these compliance-related issues and has been set up at an outside law ﬁrm (subcontractor). Upon request, the content
 


of consultations is conveyed anonymously to a secretariat within Toyota and the details are investigated with scrupulous care to ensure that the identity of the employee having the consultation is not revealed. If the results of the investigation indicate a
compliance-related issue, a response is immediately implemented.
 

Content and No. of Consultations with the Compliance Hotline

(Case)
120


90

 

60



30



0
2011
 










2012
 










2013
 










2014
 










2015 (FY)
 



Personal consultations Other
Personal information management, confidential matters Personnel, labor and employment
Improper cost and expense accounting procedures
 







CSR Achievement Data
CSR Achievement Data
CSR activity results for the past three years are listed in the table below.

 
Data List (ﬁscal year-end)
 

: KPI Strategic Focus
 

Area	Items	Unit	FY2013	FY2014	FY2015















Ever-Better Cars	

Overall	Vehicle sales (consolidated)*1	Thousand vehicles	9,116	8,972	8,681
			Those sold in Japan		2,365	2,154	2,059
		Research and development expenses	Billion yen	910.5	1,004.5	1,055.6
		No. of Welcabs sold (Japan)	Vehicles	16,452	16,810	15,869
		Market share of Welcab (Japan)	%	67.0	66.9	68.0
		No. of Welcab models (Japan)	Models	28	28	25
	



Quality	J.D. Power (US) Initial Quality Study (IQS) ranking No. 1	Segments	2	1	3
		

Good Design Award (Japan)	

—	
i-Road (Gold Prize, Best 100)	

Harrier, Voxy/Noah	MIRAI (Gold Prize), Alphard/Vellﬁre, Hiace/ Regiusace (Long Life Design Award)
		No. of calls to customer call centers (Japan)	Thousand calls	362	306	302
		Call response rate at customer call centers (Japan)	%	93.9	92.4	92.8
	




Safety	
No. of models with NCAP 5-star safety rating*2	Japan (collision)	


Models	3	5	1
			Japan (prevention: ASV+)		-	7	12
			U.S.A.		12	14	12
			Europe		10	11	4
			China		9	10	3
		U.S. IIHS Top Safety Pick models*3	TSP		2	4	0
			TSP+		-	8	12
		No. of vehicles with units capable of providing and gathering trafﬁc information (Japan)	No. of shipped vehicles ﬁtted with VICS
(cumulative)	
Thousand vehicles	11,300	12,220	13,130
			No. of vehicles
registered as G-BOOK, T-Connect, G-Link users (cumulative)		
3,820	
4,200	
4,700
	Environment	

New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	Annual sales of hybrid vehicles (worldwide)*4	Thousand vehicles	1,279	1,266	1,204
			Cumulative sales of hybrid vehicles (worldwide)*4		6,073	7,339	8,543
			Cumulative CO2 emissions reduction effect of hybrid vehicles (worldwide)	Million tons	41
(as of Dec. 31, 2013)	54
(as of Mar. 31, 2015)	66
(as of Mar. 31, 2016)


















Enriching lives of communities			
Passenger car average fuel consumption (Japan, U.S.A., Europe)	Index with 1997=1 base value	
1.42	
1.45	
1.41
		Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	CO2 emissions from TMC logistics operations in Japan (unconsolidated)	Million tons	0.295	0.278	0.275
		Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	Global CO2 emissions (from energy sources)*5	Million tons	7.84	7.79	7.57
			CO2 emissions per unit produced*5	Tons/ vehicle	0.76	0.75	0.74
		Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage	Water consumption at vehicle assembly plants*5	Million m³	31.2	31.0	29.3
			Water consumption at vehicle assembly plants per unit produced*5	m³/vehicle	3.1	3.0	2.7
		
Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems	Total waste volume at TMC (unconsolidated)	Thousand tons	35.9	35.9	35.2
			Waste volume per unit produced at TMC (unconsolidated)	kg/vehicle	12.4	12.5	12.5
			Recycling/recovery rate (unconsolidated)	ASR	%	96	97	97
				Airbag		94	94	93
			Vehicle recycling/recovery rate (unconsolidated)	%	99	99	99
		

Environmental Management	Total production that qualiﬁes as U-LEVs based
on 2005 Exhaust Emissions Standards (Japan)	
%	2.4	2.4	1.8
			Total production that qualiﬁes as SU-LEVs based
on 2005 Exhaust Emissions Standards (Japan)		97.2	97.4	96.8
			VOC emissions from TMC vehicle body painting processes (average for all lines) (unconsolidated)	g/m²	19.0	18.0	16.0
			No. of violations of environmental laws and regulations (unconsolidated)	No. of violations	1	0	0
	

Dealers / Distributors and Suppliers	No. of parts suppliers (worldwide total)	
Companies	2,949	3,148	3,435
			No. of parts suppliers (overseas total)		2,505	2,682	3,006
				No. of non-Japanese parts suppliers		1,296	1,321	1,436
		No. of dealers (total outside Japan)	Dealerships	8,948	9,395	10,058
		No. of countries/regions sold to	—	176	178	178
	


Social Contribution Activities	Total expenses for social contribution activities*5	Billion yen	22.3	21.6	25.3
		No. of Toyota Community Concert participants (Japan)	No. of visitors	38,100	37,400	41,800
		No. of Why/What Lecture participants (Japan)		1,084	1,138	1,339
		No. of visitors to the Forest of Toyota (Japan)		12,807	13,035	11,790
		Number of distribution of trafﬁc safety educational materials (picture books)	Million parts	2.54	2.55	2.55
		
Toyota Environmental Activities Grant Programs	No. of programs (cumulative)	
257	
278	
304
*1 Including Daihatsu and Hino
*2 Assessment methods for NCAP (Japan) changed in 2014
*3 Assessment methods for US IIHS Top Safety Pick changed in 2013
*4 No. of hybrid vehicles sold is number of vehicles sold each year, not each ﬁscal year
*5 Toyota and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan and overseas (consolidated base differs by item)
 






 

CSR Achievement Data
 

: KPI Strategic Focus
 

 

Area	Items	Unit	FY2013	FY2014	FY2015









































Stable base of business	























Employees	No. of foreign executives at TMC (unconsolidated)	Persons	7	7	8
		Local employees comprising management at overseas affiliates	%	64.7	62.9	62.6
		Non-Japanese CEOs/COOs in major overseas subsidiaries	%	46	58	53
		Female managers (unconsolidated)	Assistant manager or higher	%	2.6	3.3	3.7
			Project manager or higher		1.1	1.2	1.4
		Employment ratio of people with disabilities
(including unconsolidated and one special-purpose subsidiaries)*6	%	2.12	2.14	2.14
		Employment of people with disabilities
(including unconsolidated and one special-purpose subsidiaries)*6	Persons	1,107	1,116	1,201
		No. of employees using the childcare and	

Persons	446	489	620
		nursing care leave program (unconsolidated)	Male		22	20	43
			Female		424	469	577
		No. of employees using the flexible		994	1,132	1,363
		working hours system (unconsolidated)	Male		17	17	41
			Female		977	1,115	1,322
		Frequency rate of lost workday cases (unconsolidated)	―	0.06	0.06	0.03
		Excessive BMI rate (unconsolidated)	%	26.7	27.7	27.2
		Smoking rate (unconsolidated)	%	29.7	29.1	28.7
		Full-time employees (unconsolidated)	
Persons	68,223	67,905	72,779
			Male		60,831	60,474	64,583
			Female		7,392	7,431	8,196
		Average age (unconsolidated)	
Years	38.7	39.2	38.7
			Male		39.4	39.6	39.3
			Female		32.8	33.5	34.0
		Average years of service (unconsolidated)	
Years	17.6	17.8	17.3
			Male		18.3	18.5	17.9
			Female		11.8	12.5	12.6
		Newly hired employees (unconsolidated)	





Persons	1,193	1,489	2,185
			Male		1,071	1,289	1,970
			Female		122	200	215
			Administrative		89	127	103
				Male		65	63	61
				Female		24	64	42
			Engineering		530	540	514
				Male		498	485	466
				Female		32	55	48
			Shop floor		574	822	1,568
				Male		508	741	1,443
				Female		66	81	125
		Re-employed retirees (unconsolidated)		817	884	903
		Employees who feel their own growth (unconsolidated)	

%	76.5	77.2	78.4
		Employees who feel their own growth (overseas)		-	74	-
		Employees who are satisfied with company life (unconsolidated) Administrative and engineering		-	77.2	-
		Employees who are satisfied with company life (unconsolidated) Shop floor		69.2	-	71.9
		Employees who are satisfied with company life (overseas) Administrative and engineering		-	76	-
		Employees who are satisfied with company life (overseas) Shop floor		-	72	-
	









Financial information (Consolidated)	Net revenues	

Billion yen	25,691.9	27,234.5	28,403.1
			Japan		14,297.4	14,403.8	14,759.4
			North America		8,117.0	9,677.5	11,051.9
			Europe		2,724.9	2,848.2	2,661.3
			Asia		4,877.6	4,981.2	5,003.8
			Other		2,336.6	2,449.2	2,210.2
		Operating income	

Billion yen	2,292.1 (8.9)	2,750.5 (10.1)	2,853.9 (10.0)
		(Operating income ratio: %)	Japan		1,510.1	1,571.4	1,677.5
			North America		326.0	584.5	528.8
			Europe		58.2	81.1	72.4
			Asia		395.7	421.7	449.1
			Other		42.5	111.5	108.9
		Net income	
Billion yen	1,823.1	2,173.3	2,312.6
		Shareholders’ equity		14,469.1	16,788.1	16,746.9
		Total assets		41,437.4	47,729.8	47,427.5
		Net assets		15,219.0	17,647.3	18,088.1
		ROE	%	13.7	13.9	13.8
		Dividend per share	Yen	165	200	210
		Capital expenditures	Billion yen	1,000.7	1,177.4	1,292.5
		Vehicle production	Thousand vehicles	9,032	8,929	8,576
	



Global Expansion	

No. of plants and manufacturing companies	Japan	
Plant and Manufacturing companies	16	16	16
			North America		11	11	11
			Europe		9	10	9
			Asia		23	24	24
			Other		9	9	9
		
No. of distributors	North America	
Distributors	5	5	5
			Europe		30	29	29
			Asia		16	16	16
			Other		117	117	117
	Governance (unconsolidated)	Outside Directors	Persons	3	3	3
		No. of consultations made to the Compliance Hotline	Consultations	113	101	115
	CSR Evaluation	FTSE4Good Index (listed)		○	○	○
		DJSI Asia Pacific (listed)		○	○	○
*6 No. of people with disabilities employed and their employment ratio are current as of June each year
 







ISO 26000 Comparison
ISO 26000 Comparison
Initiatives described in the report are deﬁned as below according to ISO 26000’s seven core subjects and issues.

Core Subjects in ISO 26000	Issues	Toyota’s Efforts	Page
Organizational Governance	1 Organizational Governance	Society	Corporate Principles	p.3 - 6
			CSR Structure	p.7 - 8
			Corporate Governance	p.142 - 144
			Risk Management	p.145 - 149
			Compliance	p.150 - 151
Human Rights	2	Due diligence
3	Human rights risk situations
4	Avoidance of complicity
5	Resolving grievances
6	Discrimination and vulnerable groups
7	Civil and political rights
8	Economic, social and cultural rights
9	Fundamental principles and rights at work	Society	Respect for Human Rights	p.32 - 36
			Collaboration with Business Partners	p.37 - 45
			Employees	p.46 - 60
			Compliance	p.150 - 151
			
Labor Practices	10	Employment and employment relationships
11	Conditions of work and social protection
12	Social dialogue
13	Health and safety at work
14	Human development and training in the workplace	Society	Employees	p.46 - 60
			
The Environment	15	Prevention of pollution
16	Sustainable resource use
17	Climate change mitigation and adaptation
18	Protection of the environment, biodiversity and restoration of natural habitats	Environmental Initiatives	New Vehicle Zero CO2  Emissions Challenge	p.64 - 72
			Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	p.73 - 76
			Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	p.77 - 79
			Challenge of Minimizing and Optimizing Water Usage	p.80 - 81
			Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems	p.82 - 87
			Challenge of Establishing a Future Society in Harmony with Nature	p88 - 94
			
Fair Operating Practices	19	Anti-corruption
20	Responsible political involvement
21	Fair competition
22	Promoting social responsibility in the value chain
23	Respect for property rights	Society	Collaboration with Business Partners	p.37 - 45
			Compliance	p.150 - 151
			
Consumer Issues	24	Fair marketing, factual and unbiased information and fair contractual practices
25	Protecting consumers’ health and safety
26	Sustainable consumption
27	Consumer service, support, and complaint and dispute resolution
28	Consumer data protection and privacy
29	Access to essential services
30	Education and awareness	Society	Initiatives for Improving Traffic Safety	p.10 - 15
			Customer First and Quality First Measures	p.16 - 20
			Collaboration with Business Partners	p.37 - 45
			Compliance	p.150 - 151
		Environmental Initiatives	New Vehicle Zero CO2  Emissions Challenge	p.64 - 72
			Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	p.73 - 76
			Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge	p.77 - 79
			Challenge of Establishing a Recycling-based Society and Systems	p.82 - 87
		Social Contribution Activities	Environment	p.111 - 116
			Traffic Safety	p.117 - 124
			Education	p.125 - 128
			Social and Culture	p.129 - 134
Community Involvement and Development	31	Community involvement
32	Education and culture
33	Employment creation and skills development
34	Technology development and access
35	Wealth and income creation
36	Health
37	Social investment	Society	Initiatives for Improving Traffic Safety	p.10 - 15
			Creating an Affluent Society	p.21 - 31
		Social Contribution Activities	Environment	p.111 - 116
			Traffic Safety	p.117 - 124
			Education	p.125 - 128
			Social and Culture	p.129 - 134
			Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities	p.135 - 137
			Foundation	p.140 - 141
 







ISO 26000 Comparison
CSR Policy Comparison with ISO 26000 Issues

CSR Policy: Contribution towards Sustainable Development	ISO 26000 Ref. No.
Preamble	We, TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION and our subsidiaries, take initiative to contribute to harmonious and sustainable development of society and the earth through all business activities that we carry out in each country and region, based on our Guiding Principles. We comply with local, national and international laws and regulations as well as the spirit thereof and we conduct our business operations with honesty and integrity. In order to contribute to sustainable development, we believe that management interacting with its stakeholders as described below is important, and we will endeavor to build and maintain sound relationships with our stakeholders through open and fair communication. We expect our business partners to support this initiative and act in accordance with it.	1
2
4
22
23
24
Customers	Based on our philosophy of “Customer First,” we develop and provide innovative, safe and outstanding high quality products and services that meet a wide variety of customers’ demands to enrich the lives of people around the world. (Guiding Principles 3 and 4)	
25, 27
29, 30
	We will endeavor to protect the personal information of customers and everyone else we are engaged in business with, in accordance with the letter and spirit of each country’s privacy laws. (Guiding Principles 1)	
24, 28
Employees	We respect our employees and believe that the success of our business is led by each individual’s creativity and good teamwork. We stimulate personal growth for our employees. (Guiding Principles 5)	
14
	We support equal employment opportunities, diversity and inclusion for our employees and do not discriminate against them. (Guiding Principles 5)	
5, 6, 10
	We strive to provide fair working conditions and to maintain a safe and healthy working environment for all our employees. (Guiding Principles 5)	
11, 13
	We respect and honor the human rights of people involved in our business and, in particular, do not use or tolerate any form of forced or child labor. (Guiding Principles 5)	
3, 4, 9
	Through communication and dialogue with our employees, we build and share the value “Mutual Trust and Mutual Responsibility” and work together for the success of our employees and the company. We recognize our employees’ right to freely associate, or not to associate, complying with the laws of the countries in which we operate. (Guiding Principles 5)	
5, 7
8, 12
	Management takes a leadership role in fostering a corporate culture, and implementing policies, that promote ethical behavior. (Guiding Principles 1 and 5)	
19, 20
Business Partners	We respect our business partners such as suppliers and dealers and work with them through long-term relationships to realize mutual growth based on mutual trust. (Guiding Principles 7)	
21
	Whenever we seek a new business partner, we are open to any and all candidates, regardless of nationality or size, and evaluate them based on their overall strengths. (Guiding Principles 7)	
37
	We maintain fair and free competition in accordance with the letter and spirit of each country’s competition laws. (Guiding Principles 1 and 7)	
21
Shareholders	We strive to raise corporate value while achieving a stable and long-term growth for the benefit of our shareholders. (Guiding Principles 6)	
—
	We provide our shareholders and investors with timely and fair disclosure of our operating results and financial condition. (Guiding Principles 1 and 6)	
1
Global Society/Local Communities	Environment	We aim for growth that is in harmony with the environment by seeking to minimize the environmental impact of our business operations, such as by working to reduce the effect of our vehicles and operations on climate change and biodiversity. We strive to develop, establish and promote technologies enabling the environment and economy to coexist harmoniously, and to build close and cooperative relationships with a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations involved in environmental preservation. (Guiding Principles 3)	

15, 16
17, 18
	Community	We implement our philosophy of “respect for people” by honoring the culture, customs, history and laws of each country. (Guiding Principles 2)	
2, 7, 8
		We constantly search for safer, cleaner and superior technologies that satisfy the evolving needs of society for sustainable mobility. (Guiding Principles 3 and 4)	
26, 34
		We do not tolerate bribery of or by any business partner, government agency or public authority and maintain honest and fair relationships with government agencies and public authorities. (Guiding Principles 1)	
19, 20
	Social	Wherever we do business, we actively promote and engage, both individually and with partners, in
Contribution	social contribution activities that help strengthen communities and contribute to the enrichment of society. (Guiding Principles 2)	31, 32
33, 35
36, 37
 
           
































































 

Published: October 2016
Next scheduled report: Summer 2017 Previous report published: October 2015
 
Published by Governance Management Dept., Toyota Motor Corporation Address: 1 Toyota-Cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 471-8571, Japan
Phone: +81 565 28 2121
Web version URL http://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/report/sr/	EA-1610
